Adobe Privacy Center
Adobe
Try our advanced search
Creativity & Design
Shop Creative Cloud
What is Creative Cloud?
Creative apps and services for everyone
Creative Cloud plans
Photographers
Lightroom, Photoshop, and more
Students and teachers
Save over 60% on Creative Cloud
Small and medium business
Creative apps and services for teams
Enterprise
Solutions for large organizations
Schools and universities
Simple administration and licensing
View plans and pricing
Simple administration and licesing
Featured products
Photoshop
Image editing and design
Lightroom
The cloud-based photo service
Illustrator
Vector graphics and illustration
Premiere Pro
Video editing and production
InDesign
Digital and print layout design
Adobe Stock
High-quality licensable assets
View all Creative Cloud products
Explore
Photo
Graphic design
Video
Illustration
UI and UX
3D and AR
Social media
More from Adobe
Download and install
Get started now
Creative Cloud for teams
Creative Cloud for teams comes with 20+ industry-leading apps for outstanding design, photography, video, and web.
PDF & E-signatures
Products
Adobe Acrobat
The complete PDF solution
Acrobat plans and pricing
Adobe Sign
The complete e-signature solution
Adobe Sign plans and pricing
Other PDF products
Acrobat Reader
View, scan, and annotate PDFs
Online tools
Work with PDFs now
Solutions
Business solutions
For teams and large organizations
Acrobat for business
The intelligent document platform
Adobe Sign for business
Streamline e-signature workflows
Industries and departments
Addressing your challenges
Government solutions
Improve services and eliminate delays
Integrations
Uniting your apps
Resources
Events and webinars
Customer stories
White papers and reports
Acrobat Pro DC with e-sign
Create, edit, and sign documents with our all-in-one PDF and e-signature solution.
Start free trial
Marketing & Commerce
What is Experience Cloud?
Digital experience solutions
Solutions
Data insights and audiences
Experience management platform
Content management
Commerce
Customer journeys
B2B marketing
Digital enrollment and onboarding
Request a demo
Products
Analytics
Experience Manager
Real-Time CDP
Marketo Engage
Commerce
Campaign
Adobe Workfront
Advertising
Experience Platform
View all products
Resources
Resource center
Customer success stories
For customers
Learn and documentation
Community forums
Support
Services and support
Partners
Events
Adobe Summit
Why Adobe
Why partner with Adobe
Help & Support
Help and support
Help Center
Troubleshooting and how-tos
Enterprise Support
Dedicated help for large organizations
Adobe Support Community
Covid-19 resources
Download and install
Contact us
Common tasks
Manage my account
Manage my plan
Learning resources
Creative Cloud tutorials
Learn with tutorials designed to inspire
Acrobat tutorials
Learn the basics or refine your skills
Adobe Experience League
Personalized learning to develop your skills
Try the apps
in Creative Cloud
Try full versions of 20+ creative apps for desktop and mobile.
Download and get started
Sign In
Adobe Privacy Center
Adobe Privacy Policy
Cookies
GDPR
CCPA
Law Enforcement
Contact Us
Your Privacy Choices
Adobe Privacy Choices
Last updated: June 21, 2020
To provide you with more relevant experiences and marketing messages based on your likely interests, we collect information about you and how you engage with us and our business customers. Here is how you can control your information:
For Adobe End Users
For End Users of business using Adobe Experience Cloud
For Adobe End Users
Your data. Your choices.
Direct Marketing Communications from Adobe | Your use of Adobe Apps |
Machine learning analysis on your content | Adobe websites | Interest-based ads | Adobe Experience Cloud Device Co-op
Direct Marketing Communications from Adobe
Tell us your Adobe marketing preferences by updating your Adobe ID profile. You can also tell us to stop sending you marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of Adobe's marketing emails.
Tell us your Behance marketing preferences by updating your account settings (under the “Notifications” tab) at Behance.net. You can also tell Behance to stop sending you marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of Behance's marketing emails.
Please note that even when you exercise these choices, you may still receive communications from Adobe in the form of “transactional” emails relating to normal business operations.  For example, we may email you to inform you that your subscription is expiring or that someone has sent you a document using an Adobe app.
Your use of Adobe applications and services
We may collect information about how you use Adobe desktop products, mobile apps and services.
Desktop Applications
Usage information associated with your Adobe account
Some of our desktop apps collect usage information that is associated with your Adobe account to provide you with a more personalized experience and improve our products and services.
Learn more and change collection settings ›
Usage information associated with your device
Some of our desktop apps collect usage information that is associated with your device to improve our products and services.
Learn more and change collection settings ›
Services
Adobe web-based services
Some Adobe web-based services use cookies and similar technologies to collect usage information to provide you with a more personalized experience, improve our products and services, and in some cases, to tailor ads to your likely interests. To change your collection settings, click on the Cookies link at the bottom of the service’s website. Please note that you may have to repeat this process for each Adobe web-based service that collects usage data.
Experience Cloud service usage data
You have the option to share information with Adobe about how you use our Experience Cloud services. You can change your preference at any time here.
Mobile Applications
Data Collection
Some of our mobile apps collect usage information that is associated with your Adobe account or device to provide you with a more personalized experience and improve our products and services. To change your collection settings, go to the app’s settings panel that refers to mobile app usage data collection. Please note that you will have to repeat this process for each Adobe mobile app that collects usage data.
Learn more ›
Machine learning analysis on your content
Adobe analyzes your content using techniques such as machine learning in order to improve our products and services. This analysis may occur as the content is uploaded, sent, received, or stored using Adobe servers. Learn more about how this works, including how to opt out in your account preferences.
Adobe website preferences
Adobe uses cookies and similar technologies to analyze your use of Adobe websites so that we can improve them and tailor websites, communications, and ads to your likely interests.
Choose your preferences for cookies and similar technologies:
Cookie Settings
If you opt out of advertising cookies, you may still see Adobe ads on other companies' websites, but they will not be based on your use of Adobe’s apps and websites.
Note about cookie-based preferences: Many of the privacy preferences described on this page work by placing a cookie on your browser. Therefore, your browser must be configured to accept cookies for your preference to take effect. If you delete or clear your cookies, or if you change web browsers, you will need to set your preferences again.
Interest-based ads
Adobe complies with the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and related DAA guidance. For more information about interest-based ads and to opt out for all companies who are members of those groups, please see:
Australian Digital Advertising Alliance (ADAA)
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
Adobe Experience Cloud Device Co-op
In the United States and Canada, Adobe participates in the Adobe Experience Cloud Device Co-op, which allows us to better understand how you use our apps and websites across the various devices you use, and to deliver ads tailored to your likely interests.
Learn more about how Adobe does this and your choices ›
For End Users of business using Adobe Experience Cloud
Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services
The Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services (Audience Manager and Ad Cloud) enable our business customers to personalize and improve the performance of their digital properties and marketing messages. These companies use Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services to collect and analyze information, such as clicks made by visitors on their websites.  These services also allow these companies to provide you more relevant advertising within their websites, apps, emails, text messages, direct mail offers and push notifications.
Opt out of Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services
Opt-out
Important note: You will see a confirmation message that you have been opted when clicking the button above. Future visits to this page will not display your opted out choice even if you have not cleared out your cookies, but you are still opted out.
Interest-based Advertising Settings
You can also visit the sites below to opt out of interest-based ads for all companies who are members of those groups:
Australian Digital Advertising Alliance (ADAA)
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)
To opt out of advertising solutions that tailor ads shown within mobile apps based on your likely interests, please either:
Set the preference on your mobile device to limit ad tracking, or
Download the Digital Advertising Alliance’s AppChoices app and configure it to opt out of Adobe Experience Cloud advertising solutions
Please also review the privacy policies on the websites and mobile apps that you use because they may offer additional privacy choices.
Adobe Privacy Center
Your Privacy Choices
Shop for
Creative Cloud
Photoshop
Photography
Premiere Pro
Adobe Stock
Elements 2021
Document Cloud
Acrobat
Adobe Sign
Special offers
View plans and pricing
View all products
For business
Creative Cloud for teams
Creative Cloud for enterprise
Document Cloud for business
For education
Discounts for students and teachers
Schools and universities
For mobile
Apps for iOS
Apps for Android
Experience Cloud
What is Experience Cloud?
Analytics
Experience Manager
Commerce
Marketo Engage
Workfront
Support
Download and install
Help Center
Adobe Support Community
Enterprise Support
Genuine software
Resources
Adobe Blog
Adobe I/O
Adobe Account
Log in to your account
Adobe
About
Careers
Newsroom
Corporate responsibility
Investor Relations
Supply chain
Trust Center
Events
Diversity and inclusion
Integrity
COVID-19 resources
Featured downloads
Adobe Acrobat Reader
Photoshop
Illustrator
Change region
Copyright © 2021 Adobe. All rights reserved.
Privacy
Terms of Use
Cookie preferences
Do not sell my personal information
AdChoices
Language Navigation
Language Navigation
Choose your region
Selecting a region changes the language and/or content on Adobe.com.
Americas
Brasil
Canada - English
Canada - Français
Chile
Latinoamérica
México
United States
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Africa - English
Belgique - Français
Belgium - English
België - Nederlands
Cyprus - English
Danmark
Deutschland
Eesti
España
France
Greece - English
Ireland
Israel - English
Italia
Latvija
Lietuva
Luxembourg - Deutsch
Luxembourg - English
Luxembourg - Français
Magyarország
Malta - English
Middle East and North Africa - English
Nederland
Norge
Polska
Portugal
România
Saudi Arabia - English
Schweiz
Slovenija
Slovensko
Suisse
Suomi
Sverige
Svizzera
Türkiye
United Arab Emirates - English
United Kingdom
Österreich
Česká republika
България
Россия
Україна
ישראל - עברית
الإمارات العربية المتحدة
الشرق الأوسط وشمال أفريقيا - اللغة العربية
المملكة العربية السعودية
Asia Pacific
Australia
Hong Kong S.A.R. of China
India
New Zealand
Southeast Asia (Includes Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, and Vietnam) - English
Thailand - English
ประเทศไทย
中国
中國香港特別行政區
台灣地區
日本
한국
Singapore
Locale ModalWe have detected you are visiting a different region on adobe.comConsultez-vous le site Adobe.com depuis un autre pays que les États-Unis ? Visitez votre site régional pour découvrir les tarifs appropriés, les promotions et les événements. Are you visiting adobe.com from outside your region?
Visit your regional site for more relevant pricing, promotions and events. Aller sur le site françaisContinue to United States