Privacy & Cookies Policy (the 'Policy') | Daily Mail Online
SHARE SELECTION
Home
News
U.S.
Sport
TV&Showbiz
Australia
Femail
Health
Science
Money
Video
Travel
Best Buys
Discounts
Argos
AO.com
River Island
Groupon
Debenhams
Wayfair
Very
eBay
Boohoo
Nike
Currys
Virgin Media
ASOS
TUI
My Profile
Logout
Login
Latest headlines
World News
You Mag
Books
Promos
Rewards
Mail Shop
Property
Motoring
Columnists
Covid-19
My Profile
Logout
Login
Privacy Policy
Feedback
Thursday, Aug 5th 2021
10PM
17°C
1AM
16°C
5-Day Forecast
ASSOCIATED NEWSPAPERS LIMITEDPrivacy & Cookies Policy (the 'Policy')  Last Updated: 16 February 2021Previous version(s): 23 September  2020
You can control online behavioural advertising cookies on
this website via your Cookie
Settings. Further details on this can be found under
Cookies and other identifiers in
Section
14
below.
1. What is this Policy for? This Policy explains how we protect and handle any personal information you provide to us, including via our websites, our apps, our social media pages/accounts, email, telephone and in person. It also covers any personal information we receive from third parties and provides you with an overview of your rights.   By using our products and services, including browsing our websites, registering, logging in or signing up for marketing, you agree that we may use your personal information as outlined in this Policy. There may be occasions when we share responsibility for the processing and protection of your personal data in connection with your use of our products and services as joint controllers with our partners (please see section 2 Who we are) for additional information. In such instances our partners will process your personal data in accordance with their privacy notices.2. Who we aredmg media is an international multichannel media company which is home to some of the UK's most popular brands, including the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday, MailOnline, Metro, This Is Money, You Magazine, MyMail, MailPlus, MailShop, MailWineClub, MailTravel, MailFinance, MailExperiences, The i, inews. These brands are all trading styles of Associated Newspapers Ltd., which is the controller of your personal data for the purposes of data protection law.These brands also share infrastructure, systems and technology and all fall under the data control of Associated Newspapers Ltd. These brands work together to understand how our users interact with our products and services, and to share insights to improve our products and services.If you are a MyMail member and have linked your account with your Nectar Account, Associated Newspapers Ltd. and Nectar Loyalty Ltd. ('Nectar') will each be data controllers of your personal data. Associated Newspapers Ltd will handle your personal data in accordance with this Policy and Nectar will handle your data in accordance with Nectar's Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. If you engage with certain online bargains, discounts, last-minute vouchers, best buys and/or similar promotional offers (“Offers”) made available on our websites, or make use of the DailyMail Extras extension for desktop web browsers (“Extension”), we will process your data as joint controllers with Global Savings Group Ltd (“GSG”) and its affiliate CupoNation GmbH, who assist GSG as a marketing partner. GSG will handle your data in accordance with its Privacy Policy and CupoNation GmbH will handle your data in accordance with its Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.  3.  What kinds of information do we collect:We collect the following information:Information you've provided to us: We collect information such as your name, telephone number, address, email address when you create and log into an online account, subscribe to one of our titles, sign up for our marketing communications, respond to one of our competitions/promotions or Offers, order or register your interest in one of our products, use the Extension or post a comment under an article, in addition to, where you or your organisation provide us with products or services, the name of your organisation and bank and account details and information relating to a particular transaction. This information may be collected via your computer browser, an online web form, a data capture form, an app, by email, by telephone, or by post.When you visit our website or app, we shall create a unique identifier (“UID”) that allows us to recognise you when you use our website or apps, including if you log in from a different device or platform. Information from your device:We collect information from and about the device you are using when you interact with one of our websites, apps or other products/services, including adverts. This may include:Device Type: Information about your operating system, hardware, software, browser type in order to tailor the experience to your device (e.g. screen resolution).Device Operations: Information about your operations and behaviours performed on your device to tailor the experience based on how you or similar users have interacted with our content.Unique identifiers: Device IDs and Advertiser IDs in order to save your preferences against an identifier to refer to on subsequent pages and to display advertising.Device Settings: Information from your device's setting (such as access to your GPS location or other information related to the location of your device) so that we know which version of the website to serve you;Network/connections: Your IP address, so that we can recognise if you have visited us before, allow your device to communicate with our websites and apps, and determine your geographical location.Cookies: Data from cookies or similar technologies placed on your device which tells us about your use of our websites and/or selected third party websites. Some cookies are also placed by third parties. Please see Section 12 on Cookies and other identifiers below for more information about our use of cookies and other similar technologies.Information collected by the Extension.Unique identifiers: A unique installation ID or similar identifier is also processed to recognise the Extension you have installed.Access Data: With regard to each of your visits to our websites and the urls and domains you visit while Extension is installed, GSG’s web-servers record technical information which your browser automatically transmits. This includes the IP address used to connect your computer or mobile device to the internet (including in truncated form), the browser type and version you use, the operating system, date and time of your access, whether Java is on or off, whether cookies are accepted or rejected.Usage Data: GSG collects further information about your visit to our websites and your usage of its services and content and the Urls and domains you visit while Extension is installed. That information includes the full Url clickstream to, through and from the Extension (including date and time), visited sub-pages, information you searched for, response times, length of visits to certain pages, email openings and which banners or links on the website or in an email were clicked on, browsing activity (such as scroll positions, clicks and mouse movements), search queries, the Url of the website you visited immediately beforehand. GSG uses such data for a variety of purposes (e.g. to better understand your needs and preferences so that GSG can improve the Extension, its other services and their functions and to provide you with more relevant and interest-based contents.Device Data: In case of Extension, screen size, time zone setting, and geographical identifiers.For more information on how GSG processes your information and how to exercise your rights, please visit GSG’s Privacy Policy. • Posting comments on articlesWhen you comment on an article, the information you post and your username are publicly accessible. This information can be viewed and collected by other people. We strongly suggest you avoid sharing any personal details, and especially information that can be used to identify you directly such as your name, age, address and name of employer in your comments. We are not responsible for the privacy of the information you make publicly accessible via the comments section. Please see our Terms and House Rules for more information. • Information about transactions madeIf you purchase anything or make any other financial transactions on any of our properties (e.g. on MailShop), we collect information about your purchase and ask for information including your name, e-mail address and delivery address to be forwarded on to the vendors who are responsible for delivering your order. This does not include payment information, such as your credit/debit card number. • Information from partnersWhere you have registered or created an account with one of our websites, we may obtain information about you from other companies who have obtained your permission (through their own privacy policies) to share information about you.We may overlay demographic and lifestyle data from CACI to help us understand what you might be interested in for insight and marketing purposes (also known as 'profiling'). CACI data are built using a variety of sources, including publicly available data (such as the electoral register and UK Census records) or from surveys and polls where you have given permission for your data to be shared. For more information on these partners and how you can opt-out of having your data shared with us from these sources for profiling purposes, please see the section entitled 'Marketing Personalisation' in Section 7 below. • Social media:If you log-in to our websites through a social media site, such as Facebook, Twitter or Google, you are granting permission to such company to share your user information with us. This will include your name and email address plus any other information you have permitted them to share with third parties. If you remove our website from your Facebook, Twitter or Google account, we will no longer have access to this information.We use plugins from social media networks and other platforms on our websites, that may allow you to share content with these networks/platforms or use their services on our websites. For more information, please see Section 7 of this Policy. • Browser pop-up notificationsWhen you consent to receiving pop-up browser notifications from one of our websites, we collect the following information: - the url of the page you were on when you were subscribed;  - your country code; - your device type; - your browser name and version; - whether the notification was shown to you; and - the topics of the notification you have clicked on or interacted with.• Information about other peopleBy supplying us with information about someone else, you confirm that they have authorised you to provide us with their information (including sensitive personal data) on their behalf.  4. Legal Bases for processing your data under UK GDPR and EU GDPR We rely on the following legal bases to process your personal data under the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”) and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“EU GDPR”).  Contract: We process some of your data as a necessary part of performing our contractual obligations to you. For example, ensuring products you buy can be delivered to you, to provide you with access to your digital subscription or to provide a prize to which you have won. Consent: Some processing activities will only be done where we have sought your prior consent. If we require your consent, we will provide you with full details of the information that we would like and the reason we need it. Once given, you have the right to withdraw your consent again at any point and we will be obliged to stop processing your data and delete it unless we can demonstrate that another legal basis applies. Legal Obligation: There may be situations where we need to use your information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations or defend claims. This includes publishing information about competition winners.Legitimate Interest: We process some of your data because it is in our legitimate interests to do so. Where this is the case, we have considered the impact that using your information may have on you and limited our use to only what is strictly necessary. Where we are using this as our basis, we can provide you with an explanation of why the processing is in our interests and you are free to contest this decision if you wish. Examples of our legitimate interests processing activities include:supporting a free press and individual and societal rights to receive information;developing, delivering and maintaining relevant and engaging products services and advertising; and understanding who our audiences are in order to better serve them.  5. How we may use your information JournalismWe use personal information for journalistic activities to support a free press and to support individual and societal rights to receive information.Legal basis for these processing activities: Legitimate Interest Message boards, blogs and other public forums Our websites may provide message boards, blogs and other user generated content facilities. Anything that you share will become public information. You should always be careful when deciding to disclose your personal information. Please see our  Terms and House Rules for more information.  Comment ModerationWe monitor comments for offensive/objectionable content and disruptive behaviour that breach our Terms. Legal basis for these processing activities: Legitimate InterestMetro.co.uk’s use of Spot.Im’s comment product and moderation servicesMetro.co.uk uses a commenting platform and moderation service provided by Spot.Im In order to post a comment on Metro.co.uk, you have to create an account with Spot.Im. Spot.Im will share your registration details back with us and we are the data controller of any comments you submit which we shall process in accordance with our legitimate interests and as necessary to provide you with our services in accordance with our Terms and House Rules. Spot.Im also collects pseudonymous information via cookies in order to provide advertising services where you have consented to such data processing activities via your Cookie Settings.
Spot.Im will process your data in accordance with its Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. Legal basis for these processing activities: Consent, Contract, Legitimate Interest Delivering servicesBy using our websites, apps and other products and services, we may process your information, including your name, phone number and email address, for the purpose of providing you with such products and services and managing our relationship with you, which shall include (without limitation):- carrying out ecommerce activities;- communicating with you in relation to your account or service, service updates or other non-marketing communications;- delivering customer services and support;- contacting you where a checkout journey is not completed if you have provided your information;- dealing with, and responding to you about a comment you have submitted on our message boards or other such user generated content facilities;- ensuring the integrity of votes, competitions and polls;- maintaining records of our communications with you if you get in contact with us; and- responding to press complaints submitted both direct to us and via the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO). Legal basis for these processing activities: Consent, Legitimate Interest, Contract- running competitions effectively and informing you if you have been successful in any competitions or promotions;Legal basis for this processing activity: Contract/Legal ObligationWe may also record phone calls or customer enquiries via online chat for quality, training and management purposes. Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate Interest/Contract  • Direct marketing and browser push notificationsIn accordance with your preferences and data protection legislation, we may use your information, including your name, email address, and phone number,to send you direct marketing communications and to carry out marketing analysis.This may include communications by email, post, telephone, SMS or app notifications about our products and services, events and special offers. This also includes browser push notifications where you have consented to receiving these. We may also send you periodic newsletters to inform you about the any changes to our products and services where we have permission to do so.  In relation to email marketing communications, we may send you such communications when we have your consent, or when you are an existing customer who has previously bought or subscribed to a similar product or service from us. You may opt out of email marketing communications when your personal information is first collected. You may also unsubscribe from receiving email marketing at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each email. If you unsubscribe from email marketing, we shall keep your email address to ensure that we do not send you any marketing in future. Legal basis for processing this data: Consent/Legitimate Interest  Personalisation/identifying your interests/audience segmentation/ ecommerce activities We use your information, including your UID, to provide you with a greater personalised experience when you visit or use one of our sites or apps, and for insight and marketing purposes.We make assumptions and draw inferences about your interests based on the kind of articles and content you click on or read.We may also use demographic information (such as your age, gender and city) to tailor the advertising we arrange to be shown.We use this information to segment our audiences into groups with attributes. This helps us show you more relevant content/adverts and helps are advertisers target more effectively.Please note you have the right to object to profiling for marketing purposes at any time. If you wish to opt-out of having your personal information profiled for personalisation purposes, you can adjust your account settings or contact us directly. Please see section 8 (Your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation) for additional information.Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent/Legitimate Interest  • Cookie Matching / UID Matching Where you have given consent, we check to see if you have a cookie ID or UID when you visit one of our properties. We are then able to compare the cookie ID or UID we have to see if we know who you are. See Section 14 on Cookies for more information. Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent  • Data matching and lookalike audience buildingWe allow partners to reach audiences on our platforms via data matching where they have appropriate permissions. We use your UID to carry out such data matching. This is conducted at an aggregate level or an individual level, depending on how targeted our partners want to reach audiences on our platforms. The data overlap between our audiences and the client is useful to understand if an advertising campaign would be effective.As part of the matching process, we segment audiences based on predefined attributes. These audiences may be similar to our partners’ existing audiences and are therefore called “lookalike audiences”. For example, a female fashion brand may want to reach “women interested in fashion”. This helps them find the right audiences and we are able to show you more relevant advertising. Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent/Legitimate Interest • Tailored advertising  We use advertising to fund some of our websites and apps. Some advertising is 'contextual' meaning it is shown due to the particular webpage you are presently viewing. Other advertising, known as “online behavioural advertising” is shown to you based upon your likely interests, which are inferred from your browsing history. This information is collected through the use of cookies and similar technologies or your UID. For more information on controlling your tailored advertising preferences, please see Section 14 on Cookies below.Sometimes we allow advertisers to show advertisements directly on our website and apps, which are tailored to you based upon information they have obtained, such as your browsing history on their own websites.Other times we shall arrange for our customers to be shown advertisements on our own or other websites or apps. These advertisements are tailored to you with information we have obtained from your browsing on our websites and apps via cookies.Where we arrange for our customers to be shown advertisements, we use technological and contractual mechanisms to protect your cookie data and to ensure that your browsing data used for advertising is not used by advertisers or other website owners for other purposes, such as linking online behavioural advertising data with your contact details, unless you have provided the advertiser or other website with your express permission to do this.When you are shown an advertisement, our advertising systems do not know who you are or your contact details (such as your name, email address or postal address).Demographic information from your registration on our websites and apps (such as your age, gender and city) may also be used, in connection with our legitimate interests to tailor the advertising we arrange to be shown. Your demographic information is not shared with advertisers.We may also target advertising on social media sites to specifically include customers who have registered for our products and services. Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent, legitimate interests  • Location based services and advertisingWhere we provide services that utilise your device's location, such as local weather or news, your location will be determined either from a lookup of your IP address in a 'GeoIP' database which lists information provided by your ISP (usually your closest town or borough).Sometimes we can collect the precise location directly from the device (such as through GPS or Wi-Fi on mobile devices) but only where you have granted permission for us to access this location information via your device settings. We use such information to provide you with a more tailored, relevant experiences when using our websites/apps.Where you have granted permission to access your device's location and consented to us to use your data for advertising purposes, this location information may be used to tailor the advertising you receive, including showing you certain advertisements when you are in the vicinity of a particular location.Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent • Measurement and analytics We may use certain information (such as the websites that you visit and advertisements you see or click on and emails you interact with) to help us, advertisers and other promotional partners measure the effectiveness and distributions of their advertisements and promotions as well as our the effectiveness of our own services and communications. Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate Interests/Consent • Ad Blocker Detection We collect information from your device to detect whether you’re using an ad blocker. This is to determine if we are able to show you advertising. As an advertising funded publisher, we rely on the ability to show you advertising.Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate Interests • Surveys and Market Research We collect information via our online research community for our readers help us better understand our readers and how they engage with the advertising they are shown. We collect this information when you voluntarily contribute to any of surveys, polls or forum discussions we invite you to participate in. We will also use your responses to our surveys, polls or forum discussions to send you targeted advertising, where we have your permission to do so. For more information, please see our separate Matters Community Privacy Policy. Legal basis for processing this data: Consent/Legitimate Interest • Improving our services and products We may use your information to monitor and improve our products, content and services. This may include (without limitation):- developing the design and style of our products and services to make improvements;- carrying out statistical, technical and logistical analysis to inform our strategic development; and- blocking disruptive use and ensuring the security of our products and services.If you have registered on our websites or apps, we may analyse the information we hold on you in aggregate with our other customers to improve our advertising systems.Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate Interest  • Disclosures permitted or required by lawYour data will be disclosed where we are obliged to do so by law. We may also disclose your information in order to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of others and for the prevention and detection of crime.Legal basis for these processing activities: Legitimate Interest / Legal obligation • Regulatory compliance We may share your personal data with the Audit Bureau of Circulations Ltd so they can verify aggregated statistics about circulation and usage of our products or review our policies, processes and procedures for compliance with relevant standards. You can view their privacy policy by following this link.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest • Receipt of services from suppliers If we have engaged you or the organisation you represent to provide us with products or services (for example, if you or the organisation you represent provide us with services such as IT support or financial advice), we will collect and process your personal data in order to manage our relationship with you or the organisation you represent, to receive products and services from you or the organisation you represent and, where relevant, to provide our products and services to others.  Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest/Contract    6. If you fail to provide your personal data  Where we are required by law to collect your personal data, or we need to collect your personal data under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that personal data when we request it, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you. This may apply where you do not provide the personal data we need in order to provide the services you have requested from us. In this case, we may have to cancel the provision of the relevant services to you, in which case we will notify you.  7. How we may share your informationSharing with third-party partnersPartners: When you purchase goods or services from us, we partner with specialist companies to fulfil your order and provide certain customer services. This includes vendors on MailShop who you may have bought something from and specialist companies who assist us in obtaining ratings and reviews of product(s) and/or service(s), namely, YouGarden, Clifford James Consultants Limited, KH Direct Ltd, and Aspire Furniture Ltd.We usually remain the data controller of your information and the other companies only process data under our instructions and cannot use the information for their own purposes. If one of our third-party partners acts as data controller of your personal data (whether or not as a data controller in common with us) we shall let you know before you register for the service.  You can access the privacy policy of YouGarden here, Clifford James Consultants Limited here, KH Direct Ltd here, and Aspire Furniture Ltd here.Legal basis for processing this data: Contract Service Providers: We may pass your information to our processors – companies that we use to provide services on our behalf, for example for delivery services and prize fulfilment companies. These processors can only use your information in accordance with our instructions and for no other purpose.Legal basis for processing this data: Contract, Consent, Legitimate Interest Promotions: Sometimes we bring you promotions in association with other companies. If you enter such promotions, the other company will use the information you submit and we provide to them as a data controller in line with their own privacy policies. We'll let you know the precise arrangement at the time you provide your personal information.Legal basis for processing this data: Consent, Legitimate Interest Cobranded Products / affiliate marketing: We regularly partner with industry affiliates to bring you special deals on products and packages you may find of interest. These include travel providers on MailTravel and financial service providers on MailFinance or This Is Money. These providers collect marketing permissions for us and share data back with us about your purchases in order for us to measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.If you decide to book a holiday with an affiliate, use their advisory services or set up an account, or purchase a financial product, these affiliates will be data controllers of the information you have provided them in order to administer your relationship with them and will handle your information in accordance with their own privacy policies.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest Functionality: We may share information about you with suppliers that we engage to help us provide our services and/or functionality of our websites and apps. For example, we share data with Google to prevent certain website functions from being abused. Where this happens your data will be processed in accordance with Google's Privacy Policy.Legal basis for processing this data: Consent, Contract, Legitimate Interests Advertisers: We may provide third party advertisers with reports containing aggregate statistical data about our customers' use of our websites and apps to determine the kinds of people viewing their ads and how they are performing. This aggregated information may include demographic data such as age range and/or geographic location of groups of our customers.This aggregated data does not include contact details (such as names, addresses or email addresses) that can be used to personally identify you or contact you. Legal basis for processing this data: Consent  Online Behavioural Advertising partners:
Third parties collect and use information obtained during your browsing activities in order to deliver tailored advertisements to you. These parties listed in our Cookie
Settings. tool where we provide you with their details and the ability to opt out of their use. We have no control over the use of your information by these third parties once it has been collected from our sites.
We also use third-party partners to help us understand how you use our websites and apps in order to delivered tailored content to you. We shall provide them with your UID, based on a hashed version of your email address so that they can do this. For more information on these partners and their services, and to withdraw your consent for their cookies or to otherwise opt out of their services directly, please visit them at LiveRamp.Legal basis for processing this data: Consent, legitimate interests Marketing personalisation: We may match your data with data held by CACI, to add extra lifestyle and demographic insight information to your account with us which we then use to make our marketing more relevant to you (subject to your communication preferences and our internal policies and procedures). We can only obtain this information where they have your permission to share this information with us in line with their privacy policies. You can opt-out of having your personal information profiled in this way by contacting us, or our joint controllers, or adjusting your account settings. For more information about these activities and the data provided, and to opt out of their programmes directly, please visit them at CACI.Legal basis for processing this data: Consent, Legitimate Interest Facebook insights data: Facebook Ireland Ltd (“Facebook”) provides us with statistics and insights (“Page Insights”) that help us understand the use of our Facebook Fan Pages (e.g. Daily Mail, Daily Mail Celebrities, Daily Mail Australia, Daily Mail Sport, Daily Mail Animals, Daily Mail Videos, etc.). When you visit or interact with one of our Facebook Fan Pages, we will process your personal data as joint controllers with Facebook.Facebook is primarily responsible for the data processing when you visit one of our Fan Pages. However, we use Page Insights and information you provide via your Facebook profile to define our audiences, customise advertisements and create Fan Pages to match the interests of our visitors.For further information from Facebook about:· Page Insights and how to exercise your rights, please see here;· the determination of the responsibilities within this joint controller relationship please see here;· the placement of cookies by Facebook when visiting a Facebook Fan Page, please see here; and· protecting your privacy at Facebook, please see here.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate InterestDanAds self-service advertising platform: DanAds International AB (“DanAds”) provides us with an online self-service real time advertising application platform which allows advertisers to buy ad spaces from us through an automated process. This service enables advertisers to carry out audience targeting, and interactive performance reporting of the ad campaigns.For further information, please visit them at DanAds.Legal basis for processing this data: Consent Social Media Plugins: Some of our websites use social media plugins to help you share content more easily with your friends.
Social Media Plugin  Privacy policy
Facebook Share Button Facebook Messenger Share Button Facebook Like Button
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php Twitter Share ButtonTwitter Follow Button https://twitter.com/en/privacy Pinterest Share ButtonPinterest Follow Button https://policy.pinterest.com/en-gb/privacy-policy Flipboard Share ButtonFlipboard Follow Button https://about.flipboard.com/privacy/ Instagram Follow Button https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875 Snapchat Follow Button https://www.snap.com/en-GB/privacy/privacy-policy  If you do not click on the respective buttons, no personal data will be collected and stored by the social media company.If you are logged onto to your Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Flipboard, Instagram or Snapchat account, certain user data (including your IP address at the time) may be collected and linked to your social media account information by the respective social media company.We receive no personal data from the social media companies about which articles you have clicked or seen on our websites. However, we do receive summarised, aggregated statistical reports on the use of these plugins.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest DMGT Group: Associated Newspapers Ltd. is part of the Daily Mail and General Trust plc Group ('DMGT'). Members of DMGT may, use and share, within that group, the information you provide and other information held about you for the purposes set out in this Policy. For more information about the DMGT group please see the DMGT website and the DMGT Privacy Policy.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest Change of Control: We may transfer, sell or assign any of the information described in this Policy to third parties as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, change of control, transfer of assets or reorganisation of our business.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest  Ipsos Iris Online Audience Measurement Solution: When you visit our website, we may collect certain personal data about you for an online audience measurement project that analyses internet users’ behaviour and profile across different websites, applications and devices in the UK. In order to do this, our website will contain tags which is a script used to gather personal data on a website; this means when visiting the site, we can record the amount of active time spent on each web page by each user and will be reported by type of device.We will also use digital fingerprint technology, also known as "Machine Identification", to gather certain information about your computer, hardware and software, such as: IP address, unique device identifier, display settings of your monitor, type of browser used and type of operating system. This information will be converted into a unique serial number (the digital "fingerprint") and determines if it matches previous fingerprints.Ipsos MORI, a specialist research agency will be carrying out this research, in conjunction with UKOM, the UK Online Measurement company. To carry out this research, Ipsos MORI and their trusted partner, DotMetrics, will need to receive the information gathered about your computer, hardware, software and webpage activity in order to carry out the research and analysis. This information will only be shared with Ipsos MORI and DotMetrics, if we have obtained the relevant consent from you when you initially accessed our website.Please be assured that Ipsos MORI takes its data protection and information security responsibilities seriously and applies various precautions to ensure your personal data is protected from loss, theft or misuse. Your personal data will only be used for research and analysis purposes in line with the Market Research Society Code of Conduct and associated regulations and guidelines. All reporting for this research will be anonymous. Ipsos MORI will only retain your personal data in a way that can identify you for as long as is necessary to support the research project and findings.To contact Ipsos MORI about this specific research, please email compliance@ipsosiris.comLegal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest, Consent 8. Details of transfers to third countries and safeguards   Any organisation who has access to your information in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by contractual restrictions and/or technical limitations to make sure they protect your information and comply with applicable data protection legislation.  When transferring your personal data outside the United Kingdom (UK) or the European Economic Area (EEA), we will comply with our legal and regulatory obligations in relation to your personal data, including having a lawful basis for transferring personal data and putting appropriate safeguards in place to ensure an adequate level of protection for the personal data. Where these organisations are based outside of the UK or the EEA in a jurisdiction that has not been deemed adequate by the EU Commission, we shall, if appropriate, enter into EU Commission approved model clauses with these organisations to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place. We will take reasonable steps to ensure the security of your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws.  9. Your rights under the UK GDPR and the EU GDPRIn certain circumstances, for example if you are a UK or EEA resident, you may exercise the rights available to you (with some exceptions and restrictions) under the UK or the EU data protection laws as follows: - Access: If you wish to exercise your right to access a free copy of your data, you can contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below at Section 16. - Portability: If you wish to receive personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, or transmit this data directly to another controller, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below. Please note that this right applies only to the information that is processed by automated means, on the basis of consent or performance of a contract.- Deletion: To ask us to delete your personal data, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below. However, there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain certain data.- Rectification: If you wish to update or rectify your data, you can do this directly by accessing your account settings.- Restriction: To request the restriction or suppression of your personal data, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below.- Revoke consent for direct marketing: If you wish to object to the processing of your data for direct marketing, you can opt-out by updating your settings or clicking on the 'unsubscribe' link in any marketing email or newsletter you receive from us. - Opt-out of online behavioural advertising: You are able to control whether we and our partners may use your information for online behavioural advertising related purposes when you visit our websites via our Consent Management Platform that
appears when you first visit our sites, or by going to the Cookie
Settings.
- Objection to automated profiling: If you wish to opt-out of having your personal information profiled for personalisation purposes you can adjusting your account settings or contact us directly.- Objection to legitimate interests: If you wish to object to our processing of your data where we are pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below stating the nature of and reasons for such objection. - Complain: You also have the right to lodge a complaint about us with our supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner's Office in the UK.  Exercising Your Rights   To exercise your rights under the GDPR, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below in Section 16, indicating the type of right you would like to exercise and that you are making the request under the GDPR. In case of requests for deletion, please note there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain certain data (see Section 12 Data retention and account deletion). Alternatively, you can make your request through the technical support option on our Contact Us page.We may seek to verify the identity of the person submitting the request.Where you are making a request via a third party, we need to be satisfied that the third party making the request is entitled to act on your behalf and may ask the third party to provide evidence of this entitlement. If we are satisfied that the third party has the appropriate authority, we will respond directly to that third party. 10. Your rights under the CCPA (for California residents only)This section of the Policy applies solely to visitors, users, and others who are residents of the State of California, describes your California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) rights and explains how you can exercise those rights.   Under the CCPA you have the right to:• be informed about the categories and the specific personal information that we may collect, the purposes for collecting that personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we may disclose that personal information and whether we disclose personal information for business purposes or for commercial purposes that would be considered a “sale” under the CCPA.This information is provided in this Policy;• request to access a copy  of the personal information we have collected about youduring the 12 months preceding the request.Upon receipt of a valid and verifiable request from you, we will disclose to you both the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information, the categories of third parties which whom we share that information. You have a right to receive the above twice per year. If we provide the information electronically, it will be in a in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows you to transmit the information to another entity without hindrance from us. • request that we delete any personal information that we have collected from you unless retention of that information is permitted under applicable law• opt-out of the sale of your personal information  You can opt-out of the sale of your personal information by opening our California Privacy Settings tool and clicking on the “Do Not Sell my Info” button. This will opt-you out of cookie placement and the collection of your data by online advertising service providers.
Exercising Your Rights To exercise your rights under the CCPA, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below in Section 16, indicating the type of right you would like to exercise and that you are making the request under the CCPA. In case of requests for deletion, please note there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain certain data (see Section 12 Data retention and account deletion).  Alternatively, you can make your request through the technical support option on our Contact Us page.In order to process your deletion and/or access request, we are required by law to collect certain information about you to verify your identity. For example, if you have an account with us, you can use your account information to verify. If, however, we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request additional information from you, which shall only be used for the purposes of verifying your identity under the CCPA, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes.A consumer may use an authorised agent to submit a request on their behalf if the consumer provides the authorised agent written permission signed by the consumer. We may also require that the consumer verify their identity directly with us and confirm that they have provided the authorised agent permission to act on their behalf.We shall not discriminate against you because you have exercised your rights under the CCPA. Explicit Notice We and our advertising partners collect personal information (such as the cookies stored on your browser, the advertising identifier on your mobile device, or the IP address of your device) when you visit our site or use our app. We, and our partners, use this information to tailor and deliver ads to you on our site or app, or to help tailor ads to you when you visit others' sites or use others' apps. To tailor ads that may be more relevant to you, we and/or our partners may share the information we collect with third parties. If you do not wish for us or our partners to use and disclose your personal information to third parties in this manner, which is considered a “sale” under the CCPA select the applicable control from the “Do Not Sell My Info” link provided.Please note that although we shall not sell your personal information after you click that button, we shall continue to share some personal information with our partners (who will function as our service providers in such instance) to help us perform advertising-related business functions such as, but not limited to:- measuring the effectiveness of our ads; - managing how many times you may see an ad;- reporting on the performance of our ads;- ensuring services are working correctly and securely;- providing aggregate statistics and analytics;- improving when and where you may see ads; and/or- reducing ad fraud. If you access this site or app from other devices or browsers, visit the link below from those devices or browsers to ensure your choice applies to the data collected when you use those devices or browsers. If you use different browsers, devices or platforms, you will need to opt out on each browser, device or platform.Additionally, although clicking the “Do Not Sell My Info” link will opt you out of the sale of your personal information for advertising purposes, it will not opt you out of the use of previously collected and sold personal information (except for personal information sold within 90 days prior to your exercising your right to opt out) or all interest-based advertising. If you would like more information about how to opt out of interest-based advertising in desktop and mobile browsers on a particular device, please follow the links here and here. You may download the AppChoices app here to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.Alternatively, you can make your request through the technical support option on our Contact Us page.   11. Your rights under the LGPD This section describes your rights under the Brazil general data protection law (“LGPD”) and explains how you can exercise those rights.This section of the Policy applies to:· Personal data collected in Brazil;· Personal data processing activities that are carried out in Brazil;· Personal data processing activities whose purpose is to process personal data of individuals in Brazil; and/or· Personal data processing activities whose purpose is to offer or provide goods or services to individuals in Brazil.In certain circumstances, for example if you are a Brazil resident, you may exercise the rights available to you (with some exceptions and restrictions) under the LGPD. Please see Section 9 above for details of the rights of information, access, portability, deletion, correction, revoke consent for direct marketing and opt-out of online behavioural advertising. Also, see Section 9 above for details of how to exercise your rights. Please include in your request that you are making your request under the LGPD. 12. Data retention and account deletion We store your data for no longer than necessary in relation to the purpose under which such data was collected. This is determined on a case by case basis and depends on things such as the nature of the data provided, why it was collected, the legal basis we rely upon to process the data, and our relevant legal or operation retention requirements. For example, if you request to delete your account, we still have to retain some data for fraud prevention purposes and financial auditing.Please note that we evaluate deletion requests against our processing for the purposes of journalism, which includes original content and accompanying comments. When we receive a request to delete your personal data from our organisation, we are prepared to anonymise your comments by removing your email address and alias from your public account profile. In doing so, your comments are disassociated with your public account profile and therefore you are no longer publicly identified as the author of your comments. However, we keep your data because we may receive claims for libel and or/defamation in relation to user comments.Please see our Terms and House Rules for more information.  13. Children & young peopleOur websites, apps and other products and services are not aimed at children. We do not intentionally target, or otherwise process information from individuals who are under the age of 16.We do not create interest segments specifically designed for the purpose of online behavioural advertising to children who are under the age of 16. You must be at least 16 years of age to consent to online behavioural advertising via your Privacy Settings. If you are aged under 16, please ask for permission from your parent or guardian before giving us your information or using our websites or apps.  If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 16, please contact us, or our joint controllers, if you are aware that your child has used our websites or apps or otherwise provided their information to us without your consent. We shall delete or otherwise cease processing your child's personal information within a reasonable time.In accordance with industry best practice guidelines, we may retain your information for a reasonable amount of time to make sure that we do not contact you in the future.  14. Cookies and other identifiersWhen you use our websites and apps, we may collect information using cookies or similar technologies. We may also collect information using your email address. For the purposes of this section, we use the word “cookies” for simplicity. What are cookies and how do they work?Cookies are small files that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Your browser sends these cookies back to the website every time you visit the site again, so it can recognise you. This allows websites to tailor what you see on the screen.Do you use other technologies which are similar to cookies?Yes, we use the following:Web beacons: Our websites, apps and emails often contain small invisible images known as "web beacons" or "tracking pixels". These are used in a way similar to_cookies to:- understand when a particular part of a webpage, email or app is viewed, - understand how successful an article or an email marketing campaign has been; and verify any clicks through to links or advertisements contained in emails- verify any clicks through to links or advertisements contained in emails Flash cookies: In certain situation we use Adobe Flash Player to deliver video clips. Local Shared Objects (Flash cookies) are used to provide functions such as remembering your settings and preferences. Tracking URLs: These are web links that allows us to measure when a link is clicked on. They help us measure the effectiveness of campaigns and advertising and the popularity of articles that are read.Device identifiers: We use device identifiers on mobile devices in the same way as cookies are used on web browsers. A device identifier is a unique number on your device which allow us to remember your device. We use these similar technologies on websites, emails and apps, for the same purposes and in much the same way as we use cookies on websites. We shall use “cookies” and “websites” below as shorthand for “cookies and similar technologies” on “websites, emails and in apps”. What do you use cookies for?Cookies and other online tracking technologies are an important part of the internet. They make using websites much smoother and affect lots of the useful features of websites.There are many different uses for cookies, but for within our sites, they fall into the following groups:Cookies that are needed to provide the service you have asked for (Essential / Strictly Necessary ) Some cookies are essential so you can move around our websites and use their features. Without the use of these cookies parts of our websites would not function. For example: - your username and keeping you logged in during your visit – without cookies you might have to log in on every page you go to; and- when you add something to the online shopping basket, cookies make sure it is still there when you get to the checkout;.Cookies that collect information about your choices and preferences (Functional / Preference) These cookies collect information about your choices and preferences, and allow us to remember things like:  - Remembering a location you've provided us with so we can show you relevant content to where you are and to provide local weather forecasts; - If you have filled in a survey, so you're not asked to do it again;- showing “related article” links that are relevant to the page you are looking at.Cookies used to understand how people use our products and services (Analytics)  We use analytics cookies to gather information about what pages, links and sections of our apps are popular and which ones don't get used so much to help us keep our sites relevant and up to date. They are also useful to be able to identify trends of how people navigate our sites so we can identify improvements to make to the customer journeyWe may combine information collected by analytics cookies with other information that you provide to us. For instance, if you have registered for an account with us, we may combine your contact details other information you provide us with the browsing history from your device collected by analytics cookies (including data collected from before you registered and when you are signed-out).We may also use this combined information to improve our products and services. For instance, we may analyse this information in aggregate to improve our advertising systems. Our properties may also feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow you to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings. To learn more about the information that Nielsen software may collect and your choices with regard to it, please see the Nielsen Digital Measurement Privacy Policy.  Cookies used to show advertising that is relevant to you (Tracking and Advertising) Some advertising, known as “online behavioural advertising” is tailored to you and uses information collected by first party and third-party cookies based your web browsing activity.Cookies are placed on your browser to remember the websites you have visited. Also, when you log into your account, we can recognise your UID. Advertising based on what you have been looking at is then displayed to you when you visit websites who use the same advertising networks.To help us deliver relevant advertising using cookies, we use Google Marketing Platform. Click here to find out more about Google Marketing Platform.We also use these cookies in order to:know how many advertisements we serve, how many times these are clicked or hovered over with a mouse cursor, how many advertisements we show to a given user and how many customer actions these generate; understand which customers reach a sale or other action page on an advertiser's site. This allows us to monitor how many sales or actions we achieve for an advertising client, and therefore, how effective our advertising is; and  protect our advertisers' brands, we often use a technology that scans the page to ascertain that it is safe from profane, sensitive & potentially brand-negative topics, before serving an ad there. This process is called 'ad verification'. Ad-blockers: We and our advertisers may use information from within our webpages to determine whether you have an ad-blocker enabled. This information may be stored or associated with your device (including through the use of cookies) to re-insert advertisements on our websites and to understand how our customers use ad-blockers. The advertisements that are re-inserted may include those from ad-blockers' 'white lists' or that promote our own products and services. We reserve the right to restrict your access to some or all of our website while you have an ad blocker turned on.  Do Not Track: Our websites do not respond to“Do Not Track”(DNT) browser settings.Managing Cookies:  You can change your cookie settings on this website at any time via your Cookie Settings.
Please note that this consent tool is not supported on certain versions of Internet Explorer. Please change your browser in order to exercise your rights under the GDPR.  Cookies can also be controlled using the following instructions:Mobile Devices: When using a mobile device, you can opt-out of receiving online behavioural advertising by selecting 'Limit Ad Tracking' in the Settings of your Apple iPhone or iPad, or the 'Opt out of interest-based ads' in the Settings on your Android device. You may also be able to reset your unique identifier used for online behavioural advertising (referred to as an 'Advertising ID') in the Settings on your Apple or Android device.Online Behavioural Advertising cookies: If you are primarily concerned about third party cookies generated by advertisers, you can turn these off by going to Your Online Choices.  Web-Beacons: You can usually prevent the operation of web-beacons by changing your web-browser cookie settings and your ad choices, or for those in emails, by switching off images in your email client or viewing emails using only the 'text' display (rather than 'HTML' display'). See the 'Help' section of your email client for instructions. Please see the All About Cookies website for further information about managing your options.Flash Cookies: You can manage the use of Flash technologies with the Flash management tools available at Adobe's website. You can also visit the trade body representing these advertising platforms where you can control your third-party online advertising preferences by going to the Network Advertising Initiative.Browsers: The links below take you to the help sections for each of the major browsers that will tell you how you can manage your cookies:- Firefox- Internet explorer- Microsoft Edge - Chrome- Safari OS X- Safari iOS- Android- Blackberry- Windows phonePlease note that our website, apps and other products and services may not work correctly (or at all) if you change certain preferences. For example, you may not be able to purchase products via our websites. However, you may still be able to place an order via our telephone order line.Where you use our apps, similar technologies to cookies are used for analytics. It is not presently possible to opt-out of these similar technologies. If you are not happy to be included in our analysis, please do not use our apps.Please also note that after applying these settings, you will continue to receive advertising, however, it may not be tailored to your likely interests using information collected from cookies and similar technologies on your device.   15. Updates to this Policy We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy. Where changes are made, we will post the revised Policy here with an updated effective date. Please check regularly for any changes to this Policy. 16. How to contact us: If you have any queries or comments about this Policy or wish to exercise any of your rights under the UK GDPR, the EU GDPR or the CCPA, please contact us by email at: dataprotection@dmgmedia.co.uk Alternatively, you can write to us at:Legal Department – Data Protection & PrivacyAssociated Newspapers LimitedNorthcliffe House2 Derry StreetLondon, W8 5TT U.K. Alternatively, you can also write to us at:Associated Newspapers (Ireland) Limited3rd Floor, Embassy HouseHerbert Park LaneBallsbridgeDublin 4Republic of IrelandD04 H6Y0You can also contact our Data Protection Officer at:   DPO@dmgmedia.co.uk  You may also get in touch with us through the technical support option on our Contact Us page . If you would like to contact one of our offices, news desks, customer services or communications team, please click here.
Share or comment on this article:
Privacy & Cookies Policy (the 'Policy')
e-mail
Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Bing
Site
Web
Enter search term:
Search
Advertisement
Follow
Daily Mail
Follow
Daily Mail
Follow
@DailyMail
Follow
Daily Mail
Follow
@MailOnline
Follow
Daily Mail
Advertisement
DON'T MISS
Orlando Bloom dons a VERY cheeky apron to dance the night away with his wig-clad fiancée Katy Perry as the couple take a break from parenting duties
A marquee, huge trucks, a ring of steel and superstars landing in Hampshire village for Ant McPartlin and Anne-Marie Corbett's wedding
'I get so emotional in here': Stacey Solomon showcases her unborn daughter's new nursery as fiancé Joe reveals cravings are the 'weirdest' he's ever seen
'What the f**k did I just watch?' Love Island viewers spot editing fail as ITV accidentally broadcasts a contestant's bare breast
Shocking
Kate Bosworth reveals she's SPLIT with husband Michael Polish after eight years... but confuses fans with kissing snap in gushing tribute post
Great things come in small packages! How Team GB and one well known website are helping this small British business change the world for the greener
Ad Feature
Advertisement
Molly-Mae Hague poses sultrily in a busty off-white bikini and a slinky baggy shirt in sizzling snap as she documents sun-soaked trip to Santorini
Kylie Jenner shows fans what she eats in a day... as the star enjoys pasta, cookies, gourmet salads and fresh coconut water
Yum
Love Island SPOILER: Movie Night challenge set to bring drama as revealing clips will air and EXPOSE the Islanders' secret villa antics
Phoebe Dynevor admits she enjoys 'feeling nervous' about her next role as she joins Kate Winslet and Vivienne Westwood on British Vogue's 25 List
Love Island bosses line up stunning Covid-19 medical student Priya Gopaldas who's isolating in Mallorca to lure the boys
Love Island star Kaz Kamwi's family hit back at online trolls who have been sending 'vulgar racist abuse' to her Instagram account amid her love triangle
'This has brought up unresolved feelings': Pregnant Malin Andersson reveals she fears her child won't survive after tragically losing daughter Consy
Britney Spears wants her father Jamie immediately removed as her conservator for the sake of her 'emotional health and well-being'
Alessandra Ambrosio is simply stunning as she rides a horse along the beach donning a scarlet bikini
She's been back in her native Brazil
Chris Pratt gets soaked as he dips into the ocean while filming intense scene for The Terminal List
Chris looked tough as he fought through the surf
'Honestly, can you hear that?' Cheryl sarcastically takes a swipe at her noisy filming crew as she reveals her pet peeve during quick-fire Q&A
'It sets you up to fail!' Love Island's Anton Danyluk slams show for setting unrealistic relationship standards - and insists stars can't fall in love on air
Myleene Klass, 43, looks sensational in a sequinned bikini as she puckers up to fiancé Simon Motson, 46, on family holiday in Spain
Stunning
First Dates' Fred Sirieix congratulates Olympic diver daughter Andrea after she took seventh place in the 10m platform final
Sweet
Bradley Cooper steps out in shorts and a One Tribe Foundation T-shirt to run errands in Los Angeles
The 46-year-old actor stayed cool
Tiger King's handyman-turned-'hitman' Allen Glover arrested for second DUI in 14 months
Allen's first prison stint was at age 18
Courteney Cox is on piano as her mini-me daughter Coco, 17, takes the microphone to belt out a cover of Adele's Chasing Pavements
Royal expert accuses Meghan of 'mocking' the Queen and 'showing what she really thinks of the Royal Family' in 40th birthday video call with Melissa McCarthy
Kim Kardashian clinks glasses with pal Paris Hilton as she guest stars on the blonde beauty's new cooking show for
Netflix
Cheers
Pregnant Cardi B slips her baby bump into leotards as she goes for gold to learn rhythmic gymnastics with Amanda Seales
Loving life
The Crown series five: A London deli owner, a RADA-trained farmer's wife and a former Cutting It actor... a look at the brand new faces of Netflix Royal drama
Love Island's Lucinda Strafford puts on leggy display as she models mini dresses - after being caught up in an 'ugly' altercation with Brad McClelland
Aaron Carter ready to go 'fully NUDE' for upcoming 'gay musical revue' in Las Vegas
Explaining his reverence for nudity
John Terry and his wife Toni continue to enjoy their Algarve getaway as the pair make a splash at a waterpark
Aaliyah's music may finally be available on streaming services TWO decades after her tragic death
20 years after she crashed at age 22
Chantel Jeffries poses in black lace lingerie while holding a glass of wine and toasting Instagram followers during her European vacation: 'Cheers'
Val Kilmer's daughter Mercedes and son Jack say their father is 'still recovering' from cancer... after he didn't show up to docu premiere
Love Island SPOILER: Millie lets Liam back in her bed but warns there'll be no 'cuddles or kisses' as she inches closer to forgiving him
Tony Bennett, 95, and his wife Susan Crow, 54, step out after his 'emotional' show with Lady Gaga at Radio City Music Hall in New York
Cute couple
Dolly Parton revealed to be worth $350M: Legendary country star earned wealth through publishing rights and amusement park
Wow
Love Island's AJ Bunker showcases her incredible physique in figure-hugging mini dress as she joins Rachel Finni and Georgia Townend
Dua Lipa puts on an amorous display with beau Anwar Hadid as they pose for a loved-up selfie during a swanky fish dinner with pals in Ibiza
Melissa McCarthy keeps it real after appearing on Meghan Markle's A-List birthday message as she goes to budget store HomeGoods in LA
Nicole Kidman is seen on the set of Nine Perfect Strangers as she teases the debut of the Hulu miniseries: 'Let the countdown begin! 2 weeks'
'The tumour is slightly smaller': The Wanted's Tom Parker, 33, reveals his condition is now stable after latest scan amid brain cancer battle
Miami Vice vet Don Johnson, 71, shares a pinup photo of his wife of
22 years Kelley Phleger, 52, as they vacation in Greece
Miami Vice veteran
Pantene has a hair kit that promises to repair SIX months of damage in just one use - and it's now reduced to £11.39 for a shampoo, oil, rescue shot AND mask
Promoted
Justin Bieber and Ariana Grande have raised $3.5million for the First Responders Children's Foundation from their song Stuck With U
Kaia Gerber looks summer chic as she shows off her toned legs while stocking up on houseplants
Kaia was casual and cool during the trip
Demi Rose SIZZLES as she strips down to swimwear and models host of busty bikinis in new PrettyLittleThing edit for sun-soaked shoot
Khloe Kardashian's ex-husband Lamar Odom skips out on a talk show appearance due to 'dehydration and exhaustion'... six years after almost dying
Diddy and Yung Miami of City Girls fuel relationship rumors after VERY cozy Instagram of her sitting on his lap
Steamy
Love Island SPOILER: Toby debates making Chloe his girlfriend despite finding it 'scary' ... while Faye and Teddy muse over making things official too
Olympic champion Tom Daley shows off his finished Team GB cardigan at Tokyo- as he fundraises for brain tumour charity in memory of late father
Dixie D'Amelio, Madison Beer and other TikTok stars support Tate McRae at Spotify's New Summer Breakouts party in Beverly Hills
Back in Greece! Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson take their annual summer trip to their home on the island of Antiparos...
after becoming citizens
Are you putting together your holiday beach reads? The Kindle Paperwhite is now £50 off on Amazon - and a single charge lasts for an impressive SIX weeks
Promoted
Jeremy Clarkson's girlfriend Lisa Hogan, 48, reveals her son thought he'd killed the Grand Tour host, 61, when he gave him Covid at Christmas
'It's only a recent thing that Asian females have been the protagonists:' Gemma Chan discusses diversity in the film industry as she wows in glitzy gowns for Vogue
Country singer Thomas Rhett and wife Lauren share a peek at their stunning Nashville home... after they took design inspiration from their grandparents
Can Vogue's most diverse cover yet revive its flagging reputation? Magazine puts plus-size and transgender models on the front of its September issue
Queen's playboy cousin the Earl of Strathmore, 35, is freed from jail halfway through 10-month sentence for 20-minute sex attack
'They've finally done it': Rylan Clark-Neal shares rare social media post as he celebrates his brother's
wedding since splitting from husband Dan
Trey Parker and Matt Stone sign $900million deal with ViacomCBS to create an expanded South Park universe with spin-off films
'We're so proud of you!': First Dates star Fred Sirieix's daughter Andrea, 16, in tears as she talks to dad on Zoom after placing 7th in diving final
Kanye West dons quirky spiked costume and a mask before lifting weights during Donda album livestream from his dressing room in Atlanta
Alicia Keys looks incredible in blue crop top and leggings as she steps off the boat in Corsica before talking her children on an adventure course
Brody Jenner says it 'hurt' he was one of the last to find out about Kaitlynn Carter's pregnancy... and shares concerns about her boyfriend Kristopher
Ralph Macchio and William Zabka 'battle for the soul of the Valley' in season four of Netflix's Cobra Kai
The Karate Kid spin-off scored four Emmy noms
Chloe Ferry gets flirty with an inked-up hunk while showing off her stunning figure in a sexy mini dress as she soaks up the sun in Ibiza
Maya Jama steps out in a quirky horse-printed shirt and denim hot pants as she heads to dinner in Mayfair
Heidi Klum, 48, flaunts her sizzling physique in skimpy pink bikini as she poses on luxury yacht during Italian getaway
Jennifer Lopez 'has made the guest list for the Met Gala' and will likely bring her on-again beau Ben Affleck... after taking A-Rod two years ago
Strictly Come Dancing 2021 fourth star REVEALED: GBBO's John Whaite breaks down while discussing being in show's FIRST EVER all-male pairing
Coronation Street's Norris Cole 'killed off away from screen' as cast film new funeral scenes after actor Malcolm Hebden quit the soap after 27 years
Kourtney Kardashian drapes her nearly naked body in an undone robe in VERY intimate bathroom snaps with Travis Barker during quarantine
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson and Emily Blunt are left SHOCKED when he's asked what is 'wrong' with his abs: 'That is f***ed up!'
The Suicide Squad director James Gunn says Martin Scorsese's anti-Marvel comments were just 'to get press for his movie' The Irishman
'It scares me the thought of someone else looking after them:' Christine McGuinness is reluctant to get extra help with her three autistic children
Jesy Nelson unfollows EVERYONE on Instagram and deletes ALL her posts ahead of her highly-anticipated 'debut solo single in September'
Elizabeth Hurley, 56, showcases her sensational figure in blue bikini as she enjoys a bike ride in stunning throwback holiday snap
Nicole Scherzinger keeps things casual in baby pink leisurewear and multicoloured Crocs as she heads to work at a studio
The Crown series 5: FIRST LOOK as Elizabeth Debicki transforms into Princess Diana to film alongside young actors playing Will and Harry
Fetty Wap's daughter Lauren, four, died from irregular heartbeat after suffering with problems since birth, death certificate shows
Love Island: Amy and Hugo, Clarisse and Tyler and Mary and Sam are ALL at risk of being dumped from villa as islanders must decide who stays and goes
Denise Van Outen hints she WILL be returning to The Big Breakfast for the show's 30th anniversary in 2022
Lady Gaga fans show proof of Covid vaccination as they head to meet and greet with the star before the last night of her shows with Tony Bennett
Ryan Reynolds steps out in NYC... after revealing he called Hugh Jackman for advice tap dancing
Back in her bathing suit! Billie Eilish gives fans a look at her desert escape at a hilltop mansion as she takes a dip in a massive swimming pool
Ashley Roberts looks sensational in a chocolate brown pyjama suit as she makes a stylish departure from work at Heart FM
Delilah Belle Hamlin flashes her flat midriff in a tiny crop-top and baggy jeans as she strolls hand-in-hand with boyfriend Eyal Booker
'They've lost the plot': Aussie presenters
BRUTALLY mock Meghan Markle's woke 40th birthday video - and ask 'why doesn't she talk normally?'
'Heartbroken' John Terry and Gary Lineker lead tributes as former Chelsea star Michael Ballack's son Emilio, 18, dies after quad bike accident
The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso calls out 'skinny guy' for staring at her 'non-stop' - but not all is what it seems
John Whaite's Strictly stint marks his BBC return after detailing his struggles with post-GBBO fame... as he makes history with first male partnership
Lily Allen looks chic as she leaves the theatre following 2:22 A Ghost Story performance - after receiving rave reviews for her West End debut
Ice-T defends wife Coco Austin's decision to continue breastfeeding their five-year-old daughter: 'Why the F are you worried about MY child?'
'I can't walk up the stairs without panting': Pregnant Louise Thompson reveals she feels 'really heavy' after gaining over a stone
Winnie Harlow wears daring cut-out silver tasselled gown to attend belated 27th birthday dinner with friends in LA
Meghan's low bun
is her trademark look for when she's 'taking something seriously' and her summer make-up shows off her 'post-pregnancy glow'
'My wife, my friend, my soulmate!' Brian Conley marks 25 years of marriage with
Anne-Marie... admitting it 'must be a record' in showbusiness
Victoria Beckham keeps things casual in a sporty black ensemble as she and
David enjoy a day out at interactive art exhibition in Miami with Romeo and Harper
Natalie Portman steps out for the first time since cancelling her new movie Days of Abandonment for 'unforeseen personal reasons'
Coleen Rooney cuddles up to her sons during family beach day as she posts on social media for the first time since Wayne's hotel picture scandal
A who's who of Meghan's VERY starry 40x40 posse! Hillary Clinton, Sheryl Sandberg and Ciara back the Duchess birthday campaign
Love Island's Aaron Francis and Sharon Gaffka put on a very cosy display after enjoying drinks at a restaurant
Lottie Tomlinson wows in a leggy printed dress as she packs on the PDA with boyfriend Lewis Burton after her 23rd birthday dinner
Charlize Theron, 45, stuns in black bikini as she larks about on luxury yacht with daughters during sun-drenched holiday on Greek island of Paros
Elsa Hosk shows off sensational post-baby body in sizzling lingerie snaps just FIVE MONTHS after giving birth to daughter Tuulikki
Gordon Ramsay 'set for $150m payday' as he joins forces with Fox Entertainment for new worldwide production venture
Sid Owen cuts a casual figure as he heads out for breakfast - after revealing Al Pacino 'considered adopting him'
'Looks good for Halloween!': Victoria Beckham is compared to horror movie doll Annabelle after modelling a quirky £1,450 ruffled bib gown
Gina Rodriguez flashes a smile as she stuns in pillar-box red pencil dress and heels while filming scenes for new Netflix movie Players in New York
'Small shirt? Big belly? Or both?' Pregnant Jennifer Love Hewitt, 43, flashes her tummy in a rainbow T-shirt  to show progress of her blossoming bump
Britney Spears models sexy orange dresses in her living room after second R&R trip to Hawaii: 'I just wanted to wear heels and a dress today'
Michelle Keegan shows off her svelte waist in a sexy cut-out crop top as she snaps selfies in her trailer while filming Brassic series four
Dani Dyer stuns in two stylish bikinis as she holidays in Spain with dad Danny and family following ex Sammy Kimmence's conviction
Letizia's young ladies! Queen of Spain co-ordinates with her teenage daughters in breezy summer dresses s as the family enjoys a
break in Escora
SARAH VINE: Anyone fancy a sugary slice of Brand Sussex? This is the Queen in Montecito castle, and I have to admit, it's impressive... and so very Meghan
Rolling Stones drummer Charlie Watts, 80, pulls out of band's US tour after undergoing emergency surgery in London
Legendary drummer
Kim Kardashian showcases her famous curves in her 'go to' SKIMS set which includes tiny sports bra and leggings...as she says she's 'obsessed'
What it's like to sleep for just 30 MINUTES a night: Radio DJ Daisy Maskell who's battled insomnia for 14 years
and feels like her 'body is failing her'
The Crown series 5: Prince Andrew 'to be played by Primeval and Cutting It star James Murray'
Taking on the role
Kate Winslet speaks out about the possibility of returning for a second season of Mare of Easttown: 'There was talk, like, could there be?'
Presenter Sophie Morgan who was paralysed in a car crash at 18 says people struggling to understand
disability 'didn't ruin her life'
'I haven't had a drink in EIGHT MONTHS': Pregnant Danielle Lloyd slams claims she was 'smashed' during pub session
with ex Jamie O'Hara
April Love Geary flaunts her fantastic frame in a floral bikini...after clapping back at troll who criticized her 'sexy' photos
Queen felt she was 'saved' by Tony Blair who convinced her to ditch 'stiff upper lip' after Diana's death to satisfy the public, says Dominic Sandbrook
Lottie Moss cosies up to The Vamps rocker boyfriend Tristan Evans as they make their first public appearance as a couple
Smitten
Kathy Griffin updates fans on recovery following surgery on lung after she
revealed cancer diagnosis and that she attempted suicide last year
Love Island: 'I don't want to have this conversation': Clarisse SLAMS Tyler as he admits he still has feelings for Kaz
Kate Hudson shows off toned tum as she shares incredible snaps from her 'quick stop in Firenze'.. while continuing
European vacation with family
Kris Jenner bids farewell to Keeping Up With The Kardashians at THAT Hidden Hills mansion where it was filmed: 'I know all the nooks and crannies'
The Hills: New Beginnings: Spencer and Heidi Pratt FINALLY bury the hatchet with Ashley and Jason Wahler in the Season 2 finale
'Don't compliment us based on our skin colour': Gogglebox star Tom Malone Jr and girlfriend Bryony Biscoe reveal their relationship has been 'fetishised'
Hayley Hasselhoff and Dita Von Teese dazzle in jaw-dropping gowns as they bring vampish glamour at the Villa Remus party in Mallorca
Wow
Lady Gaga strolls out of Radio City Music Hall in a pair of her famous sky-high heels while her collaborator Tony Bennett is supported while leaving the venue
Strictly Come Dancing 2021 announces FIRST contestants! McFly's Tom Fletcher, Peep Show'S Robert Webb and presenter AJ Odudu lead the new line-up
Ryan Reynolds admits to being a 'huge Mariah Carey fan' and gushes over using the singer's hit Fantasy in his action-comedy film Free Guy
Coronation Street's Scott Wright, 46, loses 3.5 STONE in five months after hitting 'rock bottom'
while turning to booze and pills during lockdown
Miley Cyrus 'would love to talk' to DaBaby in the hopes of educating the embattled rapper amid backlash over homophobic remarks
Pregnant Rachel Riley displays her growing baby bump in a leopard print dress as she cradles daughter Maven, 18 months
Sweet
Rebel Wilson shows off her slim physique in skintight activewear after losing a whopping 30kg - as she travels around Italy
'Three months ago I was on deaths door': Michelle Heaton
didn't go a day without alcohol for three years and was warned she would die before
rehab
Hollywood pinup Susan Sarandon, 74, says she hopes to find a male OR female companion 'up for an adventure'... 12 years after Tim Robbins split
Jennifer Garner hits the mall for a shopping outing wearing a stylish black pantsuit in Los Angeles
Jennifer rocked a stylish look as she hit the mall
Seal and mystery woman girlfriend are happy tourists as they feed each other gelato and snap photos during a hand-in-hand stroll in St. Tropez
Paris Hilton
poses in a stylish sundress at the Netflix Food Event in West Hollywood... following premiere of Cooking With Paris on the streaming platform
'It was ruining my mind': Fearne Cotton reveals she had to 'walk away' from Radio 1 in 2015 for the sake of her mental health
Candid
Amelia Hamlin says she's 'mellow yellow' as she shows off her washboard abs in new athleisure set at boyfriend Scott Disick's home
Love Island's Jess Gale displays her ample assets and hourglass curves in plunging white top and shorts
Jess , 22, made the most of her ample assets
CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV: Time for a few home truths as George papers over the cracks
One to watch
Jaime King, 42, goes Instagram official with her
activist boyfriend Sennett Devermont, 33... amid continued divorce proceedings with ex-husband
Geena Davis is spot on in black polka dot mini dress on opening night red carpet event for her Bentonville Film Festival in Arkansas
Vanessa Hudgens is 'missing Capri' as the actress shares unseen glamour shots from star-studded Unicef fundraiser on the Italian island
'The recovery process is as gruelling as the actual disease': Val Kilmer's kids give candid update on the star's throat cancer battle
Tim McGraw and Faith Hill will share screen with Sam Elliott in Yellowstone prequel 1883
The married couple will play the roles
Pink looks edgy in white button down with combat boots and wide brimmed hat as she dines oceanside with her family at Nobu Malibu
Real Housewives of Beverly Hills: Erika Jayne BREAKS DOWN after revealing Tom Girardi calls her every day... but she doesn't answer
Rita Ora 'has not relocated permanently to LA with beau Taika Waititi' - and she has not been back to UK ONCE since Covid rule-breaking 30th birthday
Nicole Murphy shows off sculpted figure in flesh-flashing workout gear as she walks Maltese pooch during Tiffany's shopping trip
Ellen DeGeneres appears happy and relaxed as she spends hours shopping for upscale garden furniture in Montecito
'I genuinely HAVEN'T had work done to my face': Love Island's Anton Danyluk hits back at cosmetic surgery accusations after unveiling new look
Laura Harrier shows off enviably svelte midriff in skintight crop top as she steps out in Los Angeles
Karlie Kloss is all smiles as she struts around NYC in a lavender dress shirt and shorts set
Karlie was all smiles when she was spotted out
Khloe Kardashian treats daughter True and nieces Chicago, Stormi, and Dream to an ice cream treat at The Grove shopping center in LA
'This looks objectively f***ing terrible': Jameela Jamil BLASTS Addison Rae's forthcoming film He's All That but predicts 'it's going to be number 1' on Netflix
Love Island's Lucinda Strafford turns heads in leather shorts... after being at the centre of 'very ugly' altercation with Brad McClelland and another man
Ant McPartlin plays golf with Declan Donnelly while his fiancée Anne-Marie Corbett goes lingerie shopping ahead of their wedding THIS weekend
Beanie Feldstein transforms into Monica Lewinsky who heads to Oval Office to give Bill Clinton a present in
new teaser for Impeachment: American Crime Story
Meghan's VERY woke birthday message: Duchess launches '40x40' mentoring project to 'help mothers back to work'  (and a cameo from Harry)
Carmen Electra shows off her ample cleavage in a low cut white top and skinny jeans as she meets German real estate mogul Marcel Remus in Majorca
Kylie Jenner flaunts a fresh-faced after exercise glow while showing off her curves in the mirror
Still rosy from her gym session
Camila Cabello poses in a bikini while paddle boarding... after
saying 'being at war with your body is so last season'
Camila spent some time paddleboarding
That's shipshape! Felicity Kendal crews up with Robert Lindsay in this riveting take on Cole Porter's musical Anything Goes, writes PATRICK MARMION
'I had Raya but it was SO vomit': Olivia Rodrigo reveals she signed up to but swiftly deleted dating app and is 'flattered' by Courtney Love's criticism
Rafferty Law cuts a casual figure in a bowling shirt as he leads the way at glitzy Bentley Motors bash
Rafferty, 24, looked stylish as he led the way
Heidi Klum, 48, shows off her model physique in a tiny string bikini as she joins shirtless husband Tom Kaulitz, 31, and his twin brother Bill for boat day in Capri
'I hurt the black people in my life': Justin Bieber reflects on his historic 'ignorance' and use of the 'horrifying' N-word after
plugging disgraced star Morgan Wallen
EDEN CONFIDENTIAL: Inglorious Twelfth gives Royals plenty to grouse about as shortage of birds puts traditional shoot in jeopardy
Mark Wright reveals he and wife Michelle Keegan flew to Ibiza by private jet and gives fans a peek inside the luxury aircraft
Wow
Louis C.K. announces nationwide comedy tour... four years after sexual harassment scandal
In 2017, he confirmed allegations
Blink-182 singer Mark Hoppus updates fans in stage four cancer battle following his fifth round of chemotherapy
The Blink-182 singer, 49, took to Twitter
Tom Selleck, 76, shows off his iconic mustache as he stands tall while shooting Blue Bloods in NYC
The Magnum, P. I. star, 76, looked serious
Jennifer Aniston, 52,
is so disciplined about her diet she can eat only ONE potato chip and walk away as she shares '15-15-15' workout plan
Scarlett Moffatt slips into a swimsuit before enjoying a meal with beau Scott Dobinson in Antigua... after finding the confidence to wear a bikini again
Vanessa Bryant, 39, posts photos of her family on vacation in France... just weeks before what would have been Kobe's 43rd birthday
He's All That first trailer: Addison Rae
makes over the class dork in redo of She's All That as Kourtney Kardashian and Rachael Leigh Cook pop up
Lady Gaga brings the drama donning a billowing blue dress before the last night of her sold-out shows with Tony Bennett
Striking
The Weeknd's new music video PULLED from IMAX theaters because it might 'cause epileptic seizures'
Olivia Culpo flashes sideboob in a green dress while taking in the sunset by a swimming pool during her vacation in Santorini
Stunning
Changing Rooms reboot FIRST LOOK: Laurence Llewellyn-Bowen joins Anna Richardson and two new designers in trailer for hit show's revival
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shows off his incredible physique as he heads to the gym in LA... after explaining why he doesn't have 'perfect abs'
Calvin Klein sells his 1800s-era 8.4-acre estate in East Hampton for $85 million
Fashion designer Calvin has sold his historic home
Sarah Jessica Parker wears a Team USA Olympics jacket as she arrives on the New York City set of her Sex And The City reboot And Just Like That
Jeopardy! exec producer Mike Richards in advanced talks to permanently host famed game show... following longtime host Alex Trebek's death at 80
'We urge him to get the facts': Embattled rapper DaBaby receives an open letter from 11 HIV/AIDS organizations offering him a private meeting
'Thank you UK for letting me keep him': Ulrika Jonsson reveals her relief at son Malcolm, 13, obtaining settled status after returning from the US
Amy Hart flashes her midriff in a burnt orange co-ord as she leads star-studded press night for Anything Goes
Amy was among the famous faces
Katie Holmes, 42, shares rare throwback picture with all three of her sisters - Tamera, 53, Holly, 52, and Nancy, 46 - from the Nineties
Family fun
Amanda Seyfried seen for the first time as Elizabeth Holmes dressed in the disgraced Theranos founder's signature black turtleneck
Rihanna is officially a billionaire (but not from music)! Songstress, 33, racks up $1.7billion fortune thanks to beauty and lingerie lines
Meghan's mentors to get women back to work 'could do more harm than good' regardless of how well-meaning they are, warns expert
The Duchess of Sussex
Diddy outshined by his regal daughters Chance, 15, and twins Jessie + D'Lila, 14, in Vanity Fair
The
Grammy winner was filled with pride
Love Island SPOILER: Dale secretly kisses MARY despite being coupled with Abi who admits she feels 'awful' for stealing him
Melissa McCarthy wears a plaster on her neck during a birthday chat with Meghan Markle - after sharing clip about terrifying Huntsman spider bite
Megan Thee Stallion turns up the heat in cheeky Calvin Klein underwear with a crop top for racy bedroom snaps
Wow
Sheridan Smith smiles as she returns to hotel in a tracksuit after filming new ITV drama No Return... days after confirming split from ex-fiancé Jamie Horn
'I was coughing up blood': Pregnant Louise Thompson reveals secret hospital dash as doctors feared clot could spark
heartbreak
Kate Hudson is makeup free as she models a revealing dress while doting on her daughter during vacation in Italy with partner Danny Fujikawa
Chrissy Teigen sports silky number for date night with husband John Legend in West Hollywood... amid bullying scandal
Lottie Tomlinson stuns in a white mini dress as she clings onto boyfriend Lewis Burton's arm while celebrating her 23rd birthday in London
Law & Order star Christopher Meloni, 60, goes NAKED for Men's Health... as he addresses why his pert behind is having a 'cultural moment'
90210 star AnnaLynne McCord reveals she turned to cutting and BDSM just 'to feel anything in my body at all' after the 'torture' of childhood abuse
Karlie Kloss boasts about 'profoundly awe inspiring' year as she celebrates her 29th birthday and new mom status
Feeling good
Kendall Jenner is being sued $1.8million after skipping Italian photoshoot after Covid-19 struck
Liu Jo is seeking damages
Ryan Reynolds talks about his 10th anniversary of his first date with wife Blake Lively: 'In Hollywood years, that's like 180 years!'
Chantel Jeffries flaunts her slender figure in a black string bikini as she enjoys a beach day while on the Greek island of Mykonos
'The thought of people seeing me in a bikini put me off': Frankie Bridge admits she was scared of sharing a swimwear snap
Ciara is simply glowing as she steps out in sporty chic white look from her and husband Russell Wilson's own 3Brand clothing line
Pixie Lott plants a kiss on handsome fiancé Oliver Cheshire as the pair enjoy loved-up dinner at swanky restaurant
Pucker up
Eugenie shares 40th birthday message to 'dear Meghan' and reveals she is supporting Duchess' new 40x40 campaign by offering mentorship
Met Gala, Sundance Film Festival and Cirque Du Soleil will all require guests to carry vaccine passports
Coronation Street SPOILER: Has Audrey Roberts been killed off? Fears for character as Helen Worth, Rula Lenska and Bill Roache film funeral scenes
Ex-EastEnders' Melissa Suffield shows her post-partum figure in an animal print bikini as she reacts to troll who branded her body 'horrible'
Britney Spears breaks a sweat at a steamy yoga class while on vacation in Hawaii... after accidentally locking herself in the bathroom
Love Island SPOILER: 'I feel like there is distance!' Amy doubts her connection with Hugo and insists he 'doesn't try'
Love Island receives over 5000 Ofcom complaints - the highest number in the show's history after backlash over THAT postcard which caused Teddy and Faye to break up
NEW ARTICLESHomeTop
Share
Back to top
Home
News
U.S.
Sport
TV&Showbiz
Australia
Femail
Health
Science
Money
Food
Travel
Best Buys
Discounts
Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page
Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money
Metro
Newzit
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
dmg media
Contact us
How to complain
Leadership Team
Advertise with us
Contributors
Terms
Do not sell my info
Privacy policy & cookies