HR Tech Privacy - Welcome to the HR Tech Privacy Center
Skip to Main Content
HR Tech Privacy
Home
Our Sites
About Indeed
#350 (no title)
SimplyHired
Resume.com
ResumePerfector.com
Workopolis
EngineerJobs
WowJobs
FAQs
Introduction
IntroductionOur Privacy ValuesThe Benefits of Data SharingSite Activity Recording
Welcome to the HR Tech Privacy Center
Introduction
The HR Tech Privacy Center is a privacy platform for a number of affiliated online job search and recruitment sites and brands (our “Sites”).  These brands are part of Recruit Holdings.
The HR Tech Privacy Center has been developed to educate users of our Sites about our Privacy Values and how their personal data is shared between the Sites.
Such sharing of your personal data:
helps the job search and recruitment process by connecting more job seekers with more job listings and employers;improves our services to you; andfacilitates better security for users.
Whether you are a job seeker or an employer, you can find out more about the benefits of such data sharing, and answers to some frequently asked questions.
The launch of the HR Tech Privacy Center does not change how the Sites share your personal data. Such sharing is governed by the specific Privacy and Cookie Policies of the Sites you have used. If you have specific questions about a particular site, we encourage you to visit the respective site’s help center for further information.
Our Privacy Values
We take the privacy of our users very seriously.
We value the trust that our job seekers place in us to help them find jobs, and our employers place in us to help them find great candidates. To maintain that trust we invest significant resources to protect your personal data, and are always guided by our privacy values.
In particular, we endeavor to:
treat all our users equally by providing a broad suite of privacy rights to all our users globally, which means that any user of the Site can get:access to their personal data; deletion of their personal data;a portable version of their personal data; and restriction of or objection to certain processing of their personal data;
adhere to a policy of privacy by design and default in how we build and operate our services;
be transparent with you about what personal data we collect, how it’s processed;
ensure that personal data we gather from you will primarily be used for the purposes of helping our job seekers find jobs, helping our employers find great candidates, and improving the services we provide to you;
limit our collection and storage of your personal data to what’s adequate, relevant and necessary;
keep your personal data accurate and up to date, where appropriate;
process your personal data in a manner using appropriate security and confidentiality measures; anddemonstrate accountability with respect to our responsibilities under applicable privacy laws.
The Benefits of Data Sharing
Data sharing provides a range of benefits to both job seekers and employers, as well as allowing us to improve our services to you.
Data Sharing Means More Employers, More Job Listings and More Job Seekers
Data sharing between our Sites allows job seekers to access an even broader database of job listings and employers, and for employers to access more job seekers. For example, in certain instances this allows one Site to recommend jobs or employers on another affiliated Site, as well as to facilitate applications or display job listings from one Site to another.
Where such functionality is supported, one Site may also be able to recommend a particular job seeker (and that job seeker’s resume or resume extract) to an employer hosted by another Site. Equally, the Sites share employer data (such as account information and behavioral data) to provide a better experience to those employers and job seekers.
Data Sharing Improves Our Services to You
Data sharing provides job seekers on our Sites with more personalized and improved content, performance, features and services.
For example, the Sites may use and share your previous search and browsing history (e.g. the jobs you click on) and your resume or profile information to determine relevant search results, job alerts, display and moderate career insights, such as company reviews, job listing salary data, interview tips and more.
Such sharing is also performed to facilitate improved data analysis, testing, research, and service improvement on the Sites.
Data Sharing Facilitates Better Security for Users
Such data sharing allows our Sites to better protect their users. In particular it allows the Sites to improve user security and internal operations, to troubleshoot, and detect and prevent fraud and spam.
Site Activity Recording
Indeed processes your activity on the Sites to help us better understand how you use them and to improve and inform the products and services we offer. We do this to help you find jobs, but our Sites also cannot work as intended unless we undertake these activities. We do this by processing, collecting, analyzing, storing, and sharing with third-party service providers, including in real-time, any and all of the interactions and communications you have with, on, or through our Sites. We are able to use this information to reconstruct a replay of your activity on our Sites as though your activity was recorded. Please note, this may include, without limitation, the areas of the Sites you visit (such as specific URLs), and whether and where you click, scroll, hover-over, mouseover, or otherwise interact or communicate with, on, or through our Sites, and when and for how long each such activity occurs. If you do not want your actions to be collected, processed, analyzed, or shared this way, please do not use our Sites.