Live In Care Privacy Policy | Live In Care GDPR Policy
x
COVID 19 - Update
Live-in Care is one of the safest types of care during COVID-19.
Find out more here
Live In Care From £875.00Call Free 0800 772 3567
Live In Care
24 Hour Live In Care
After Stroke Care At Home
Assisted Living
Live In Care Reviews
Live In Companion Care
Live In Dementia Care
Live In Elderly Care
Retirement Village Living
What Is Live In Care
Who Are Live In Care?
Young Adults Live In Care
Live In Care For Couples
Live In Respite Care
Carer Respite Break Cover
Holiday Companionship Care Breaks
Overnight Live In Care
Sleeping Nights
Waking Nights
Hospital Discharge Care
Rapid Response Care At Home
Live In Care Jobs
Community Care Workers Jobs
Live In Carer Insurance
Live In Care Job Registration
Form
Micro Provider Jobs
News
Adult Social Care Services
Alzheimer’s Drug Study
End Of Life Care
Hospital Bed Blocking Solution
Living Wage costs ‘put strain on care homes’
Paying For Live In Care
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Live In Care Privacy & GDPR Policy
Live In Care are dedicated to safeguarding and preserving your privacy when visiting our site or communicating electronically with us. This Privacy Policy explains what happens to any personal data you provide to us or that we collect from you when you are on this site.
We update this Policy from time to time, so please do return and review this Policy regularly.
For Data Protection, our data registration number is ZA079552
Information We Collect
In operating our website, we may collect and process the following data about you:
Details of your visits to our site and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
Information you provide by filling in forms on our website, such as when you registered for information or made a purchase.
Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Use of IP Addresses And Cookies
We may, on occasion, gather information regarding your computer while you are on our website.
This enables us to improve our services and provide statistical data relating to the use of our website to our advertisers where appropriate.
Such information will not identify you. Personally, it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our site.
Similarly to the above, we may gather information about your general internet use by using a cookie file. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. This cookie file is stored on your computer’s hard drive as cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our website and the service that we provide to you.
All computers can decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser that enables you to refuse the cookies. Please note that you may be unable to access particular parts of our website should you choose to reject cookies.
Use of Your Information
The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to provide our services to you. Also, we may use the information for the following purposes:
To provide you with the information requested from us, relating to our products or services.
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To provide information on other products, which we feel, may be of interest to you, where you have consented to receive such information.
To notify you of any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, may affect our service.
If you are an existing customer, we may contact you with information about goods and services similar to those, which were the subject of a previous sale.
To speed up your searches and make the website more user-friendly.
To recognise you when you return to our site.
Storing Your Personal Data
Data that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers.
Details relating to any transactions entered into our site will be encrypted to ensure its safety.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically, and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your risk.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you can access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Disclosing Your Information
Where applicable, we may disclose your personal information to third parties:
Where we are legally required to disclose your information.
To assist fraud protection and minimise credit risk.
Third-Party Links
From time to time, our site may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers, and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. However, we advise that you check this page regularly to date with any necessary changes.
Access to Information
Your personal information belongs to you, and you have the right to:
Be informed of how we will process it
Request a copy of what we hold about you and in commonly used electronic format if you wish (if you provided this to us electronically for automated processing, we would return it in the same way)
Has it amended if it’s incorrect or incomplete?
Have it deleted (where we do not have a legal requirement to retain it)
Withdraw your consent if you no longer wish us to process
Object to us using it in relation to a legal task or the exercise of an official authority
How do I exercise these rights?
If you would like to access any of the information we hold about you or have concerns regarding the way we have processed your information; please contact:
The Data Controller
Living Carers Ltd,
Chandos House
1 Heron Gate Office Park
Hankridge Way
Taunton
TA1 2LR
Contact Us
We welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please do not hesitate to contact us.
Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy | Terms & Conditions | Covid 19 | Mission Statement
© 2014 - 2021 Live In Care (Living Carers Ltd). The content on this website is owned by us and our licensors.Do not copy any content (including images) without our consent.
Add Live In Care to your Homescreen!Add
MENU
Live In Care
Live In Care
24 Hour Live In CareAfter Stroke Care At HomeAssisted LivingLive In Care ReviewsLive In Companion CareLive In Dementia CareLive In Elderly CareRetirement Village LivingWhat Is Live In CareWho Are Live In Care?Young Adults Live In Care Back
Live In Care For CouplesLive In Respite Care
Carer Respite Break CoverHoliday Companionship Care Breaks Back
Overnight Live In Care
Sleeping NightsWaking Nights Back
Hospital Discharge Care
Rapid Response Care At Home Back
Live In Care Jobs
Community Care Workers JobsLive In Carer InsuranceLive In Care Job Registration
FormMicro Provider Jobs Back
News
Adult Social Care ServicesAlzheimer’s Drug StudyEnd Of Life CareHospital Bed Blocking SolutionLiving Wage costs ‘put strain on care homes’Paying For Live In Care Back
Contact Us
× Close Panel