Your privacy: how cookies are used on the Parliament website - UK Parliament
You appear to have JavaScript disabled in your browser settings. You may find some parts of this website
do not work properly without it enabled.
Skip to main content
Menu
Menu
Select an area to explore
Business
MPs, Lords & offices
About
Get involved
Visit
Learning
Shop
More
Or type a keyword to search
Search icon
Search
Close
Close
Skip to next main navigation item
Parliamentary business
Find out what’s on today at the House of Commons and House of Lords. Track current bills, keep up with committees, watch live footage and follow topical issues.
Close
Back
Close
In this section
Parliamentary business home
House of Commons
House of Lords
What's on
Bills & legislation
Committees
Publications & records
Parliament TV
News from UK Parliament
Legislation and debate
Hansard
Read transcripts of debates in both Houses.
Research briefings
Produced by Commons Library, Lords Library, and Parliamentary Office Science and Technology.
Brexit research & analysis
Next steps for the UK leaving the EU
Skip to next main navigation item
MPs, Lords & offices
MPs and Members of the Lords sit in the two Chambers of Parliament scrutinising the Government and debating legislation. Find Members of Parliament (MPs) by postcode and constituency, and Members of the House of Lords by name and party.
Close
Back
Close
In this section
MPs, Lords & offices home
MPs
Members of the House of Lords
Government & opposition
Parliamentary offices
Members' allowances
Standards and financial interests
Members of Parliament
Find your MP
Search for Members by name, postcode, or
constituency
Search for Members of the House of Lords
Learn about their experience, knowledge and interests.
Skip to next main navigation item
About Parliament
Parliament examines what the Government is doing, makes new laws, holds the power to set taxes and debates the issues of the day.
Close
Back
Close
In this section
About Parliament home
How Parliament works
About MPs, Lords & officers
Living Heritage
Jobs at Parliament
Frequently Asked Questions
Watch and listen
Sustainability and environmental performance in Parliament
UK Parliament's Modern Slavery Programme
Parliament and Women
Parliament's role
Parliamentary role models
Celebrating people who have made Parliament
a positive, inclusive working environment.
Workplace Equality Networks
Four staff networks for people to discuss and consider issues.
Working in Parliament
Work placements and apprenticeship schemes
Skip to next main navigation item
Get involved
Read about how to contact an MP or Lord, petition Parliament and find out details of events in your area.
Close
Back
Close
In this section
Get involved home
Contact an MP or a Member of the Lords
Request a workshop
Join a learning programme
Research impact at the UK Parliament
Have your say: Laws & debates
Watch Parliament at work
Vote in general elections and referendums
Y Gornel Gymraeg
Get involved with Parliament
Contact an MP or
Lord
Contact your MP or a Member of the House of Lords about an issue that matters to you.
Keep up to date
Sign up for the Your Parliament newsletter to find out how you can get involved.
It starts with action
Sign or create a petition
Sign up to UK Parliament Week
Skip to next main navigation item
Visit Parliament
Visitors are welcome to take a tour or watch debates and committees at the Houses of Parliament in London.
Close
Back
Close
In this section
Visit Parliament home
Ways to visit
Planning your visit
Venue hire
Houses of Parliament 360° virtual tour
Parliament Shop
Visiting Parliament
Virtual tour
See some of the sights you'll encounter on a tour of Parliament.
Skip to next main navigation item
Learning
Your UK Parliament offers free, flexible support for teachers, community groups, and home educators to spark engagement and active citizenship.
Close
Back
Close
In this section
Learning home
About UK Parliament education
Teacher resources and lesson plans
CPD Training
Outreach
Visit
Supporting teachers
Inspire your students
Book a school visit, classroom workshop or teacher-training session
Free teacher training resources
Access videos, worksheets, lesson plans and games.
Skip to next main navigation item
Shop
Shop
Close
Back
Close
In this section
Shop home
UK Parliament
UK Parliament
Site information
Your privacy: how cookies are used on the Parliament website
Your privacy: how cookies are used on the Parliament website
When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally.
What are cookies?
These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through, for example:
enabling a service to recognise your device so you don't have to give the same information several times during one task
recognising that you may already have given a username and password so you don't need to do it for every web page requested
measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and there's enough capacity to ensure they are fast
analysing anonymised data to help us understand how people interact with govt services so we can make them better
You can manage these small files and learn more about them from the article, Internet Browser cookies- what they are and how to manage them from Directgov: How government websites use cookies. If you'd like to learn how to remove cookies set on your device, visit: About cookies: How to control cookies.
Our use of cookies
Cookies for measuring performance of the website
By understanding how people use the Parliament website, we can make improvements to the navigation and content to make the site better and easier to access.
There may be a delay in updating this list. If you do notice any discrepancies, please contact us and let us know.
We use Google Analytics to gather data on the number of people accessing our site, where they are accessing from, what pages they visit, and what technology they are using. Google Analytics cannot identify your personally, but does allow us to understand our users as a group, for example by recording what browsers are being used.
If you have enabled personalisation on your Google account, Google will be able to prepare data models and reports on website habits, which show for instance on which device you have clicked on an advertisement and on which device any eventual purchase took place.
We intend to use Google Signals to better understand how users engage with our sites, across different devices. It will allow us to see more accurate data on users that have ads personalisation turned on, both on how many users are on our site, and more information including cross-device behaviour, demographics and interests. When it is activated, Google Signals enables remarketing (also known as retargeting) campaigns to work across a person's multiple devices. Users can opt-out of Google Analytics Advertising Features through their Google Ads Settings, Google Analtyics Opt-Out Browser Add-on, and the NAI’s consumer opt-out. For more information, see Google Privacy Controls.
Name: _ga Typical content: randomly generated numberExpires: 2 years
Name: _gid Typical content: randomly generated numberExpires: when user exits browser
Name: _gat_UA-15845045-1 Typical content: randomly generated numberExpires: when user exits browser
Name: _gat_UA-15845045-20 Typical content: randomly generated numberExpires: when user exits browser
Name: _gat_UA-15845045-32 Typical content: randomly generated numberExpires: when user exits browser
Name: _gat_UA-15845045-35 Typical content: randomly generated numberExpires: when user exits browser
Name: _utma Typical content: randomly generated numberExpires: 2 years
Name: _utmb Typical content: randomly generated numberExpires: 30 minutes
Name: _utmc Typical content: randomly generated numberExpires: when user exits browser
Name: _utmt Typical content: randomly generated numberExpires: when user exits browser
Name: _utmz Typical content: randomly generated number and information about how the page was reached (eg directly or via a link, organic search or paid search)Expires: 6 months
Name: __utmmobile Typical content: randomly generated number Expires: 2 years
In addition, we use cookies to support our Content Delivery Network, Cloudflare. The cookie is used to identify individual clients behind a shared IP address and apply security settings on a per-client basis. For example, if the visitor is in a coffee shop where there are infected machines, but the specific visitor's machine is trusted (e.g. because they've completed a challenge within your Challenge Passage period), the cookie allows us to identify that client and not challenge them again. It does not correspond to any user ID in your web application, and does not store any personally identifiable information.
Name: _cfduid Typical content: randomly generated numberExpires: 1 year
We also run Hotjar to gather data on where users are clicking on pages, how they are viewing single and multiple pages, and to ask simple polls. These cookies record if a user has answered the question or hidden the notifier, so that it stays hidden on all pages.Name: _hjDonePollsPurpose: Hotjar cookie. This cookie is set once a visitor completes a poll using the Feedback Poll widget. It is used to ensure that the same poll does not re-appear if it has already been filled in.Expires: 365 daysName: _hjMinimizedPolls
Purpose: Hotjar cookie. This cookie is set once a visitor minimizes a Feedback Poll widget. It is used to ensure that the widget stays minimizes when the visitor navigates through your site.
Expires: 365 daysName: _hjDoneTestersWidgetsPurpose: Hotjar cookie. This cookie is set once a visitor submits their information in the Recruit User Testers widget. It is used to ensure that the same form does not re-appear if it has already been filled in.Expires: 365 daysName: _hjMinimizedTestersWidgets
Purpose: Hotjar cookie. This cookie is set once a visitor minimizes a Recruit User Testers widget. It is used to ensure that the widget stays minimizes when the visitor navigates through your site.
Expires: 365 daysName: _hjIncludedInSamplePurpose: Hotjar cookie. This session cookie is set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the sample which is used to generate funnels.Expires: 365 days
We also use Application Insights to collect information about how you use our services. This helps us meet your needs and improve our website. All the information we collect is anonymous.
Name: ai_userPurpose: This is used to distinguish users.Expires: After 1 year.
Name: ai_sessionPurpose: This is used to group different actions into a single visit.Expires: After 30 minutes.
Cookies for managing your current visit
To remember the selections or preferences you’ve already made when looking at information or using a service.
Name: ASP.NET_SessionIdPurpose: to store the user's session ID to allow the site to recognise your movement around the site as being from one computerExpires: when user exits browser
Cookies to support specific elements of the site
Some elements of the site use cookies to make them easier to use. These are:
Groovy Gecko (vodapi.parliamentlive.tv:Name: systemidTypical Content: To identify unique users for UKP’s analyticsExpiry: 12 months
Kaltura (vodplayer.parliamentlive.tv:Name: volumeControl1_volumeValueTypical Content: This records the user’s volume preferenceExpiry: this will expire when the browser is closed.
VualtoName: Cookies_80709178-f878-4b24-9345-d928521c5c30Typical Content: True or False value to indicate of the tracking cookies are enabled for the website.Expiry: 6 months
Race Against Chime  – a game in the Education section of the site – uses cookies only if you have asked to connect the game to your Facebook account. This cookie stores your nickname, Facebook ID and your score.
Name: fbsetting_8a99ce37a8803de5e450ee9e0dbb9d20Typical content: Information is only stored when a user connects with Facebook. This cookie stores your nickname, FacebookID and total score.Expires: 1 dayThis information is only stored when a user connects with Facebook, and is stored in a database on the server. If you are playing the game without connecting to Facebook, no cookies are stored.
The Speaker’s School Council site uses cookies as part of the login process.
Name: SESS9ab115a12f3da60212f97f23466e5ec4Typical content: User name and password are stored. It allows users to log in again during the same session without re-entering their details.Expires: When user exits browser
Cookies for marketing activity
We use tracking tags to collect information about your browsing habits on our site and measure performance of our marketing activity. This enables us to: · Make advertising, both on this site and other websites you subsequently visit, relevant to you and your interests · To limit the number of times those adverts are served to you · To track responses to our events · To learn more about the demographics of people engaging with our online advertising This allows us to understand and optimise the effectiveness of our online advertising. The tags on the following list use cookies are either currently in use or will be implemented shortly and drop cookies when the pixel fires*. AdWords - Conversion tracker · This tag fires when an online order is completed. FB Pixel base code · This cookie tracks all website pages viewed. FB purchase · This cookie tracks when an online order is completed. LinkedIn Insight tag · This cookie tracks website conversions.Twitter conversion tracking tag· This cookie tracks website conversions. *Please be aware that there may be a delay in updating this list. If you do notice any discrepancies, please contact us and let us know.
Cookies set by other websites through this site
We want to provide interesting and engaging content on our website. On a number of pages we embed media such as YouTube videos. The suppliers of these services may also set cookies on your device when you visit the pages where we have used this type of content. These are known as 'third-party' cookies. Parliament does not control how a third party uses their cookies. You should check these third party websites' privacy policies for more information about their cookies if you are concerned about this.
How to control and delete cookies
We will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you.
However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by our websites, or indeed any other website, you can do this through your browser settings. The ‘Help’ function within your browser should tell you how.
Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your machine as well as more general information about cookies.
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of our website.
If you wish to view your cookie code, just click on a cookie to open it. You'll see a short string of text and numbers. The numbers are your identification card, which can only be seen by the server that gave you the cookie. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual.
To opt-out of third-parties collecting any data regarding your interaction on our website, please refer to their websites for further information.
© UK Parliament 2021
Cookie settings
Site information
Accessibility statement