Secure Payment Processing Services | Opayo UK - Formerly Sage Pay
Skip to main content
MySagePayLogin >
UK
Ireland
Stay
MySagePay Login
Contact Us
0191 313 0300
Main Navigation Menu
Products
Online Payments
Online Invoicing
Face-to-Face Payments
Point of Sale Terminals
Countertop Card Machine
Portable Card Machine
Integrated EPOS Solutions
Virtual Terminal & Phone Payments
Additional Services
Payment Methods
Merchant Services
Fraud Prevention
Token Payments
Partners
Find A Partner
Become A Partner
Find An Integration
Developers
Insights
Rise of the Online Local
Latest News
Switching to Opayo
Learning Centres
Customers Stories
All Resources
Support
About
0191 313 0300
Menu
MySagePay Login
Products Online Invoicing
Online Payments
Face-to-Face Payments Point of Sale Terminals Contactless Card Reader
Countertop Card Machine
Portable Card Machine
Integrated EPOS Solutions
Virtual Terminal & Phone Payments
All Solutions Fraud Prevention
Merchant Services
Payment Methods
Token Payments
Partners Find a partner
Become a partner
Find an integration
Developers
Support
Insights All Resources
Customers Stories
Get Online Fast
Latest News
Learning Centres
Switching to Opayo
About
Contact us
Secure Payment Systems Secure payments for merchants from the most reliable UK payment providerSecure payments for merchants from the most reliable UK payment provider At the centre of enabling the best payment experience with secure payment solutions.
Call us now
Get started online
Trusted by thousands of businesses
See all
‹›
Online Payments
Face to Face Payments
Virtual Terminal & Phone payments
Online Invoicing
All solutions
About Opayo
Payment solutions for your business
Whatever your size, whatever the type, we have a solution to suit your needs
Online payments
Receive payments fast and securely online.
Card terminals
Accept Chip & PIN card payments in-store or on-site with our wide range of standalone and integrated terminals.
Phone
Process mail orders and payments over the phone securely using our intuitive web-based virtual terminal interface.
Point of Sale
Omnichannel solutions to enable your customers to pay in-store, online, over the phone and mobile.
Find out more
Some of our key website partners that we integrate with include.
‹›
Secure payments for merchants from the most reliable UK payment providerThe nimble Rise of the Online Local
In the face of the pandemic, local businesses across the UK have shown their agility: reinventing how they operate and building their presence online. Supported by their communities, the last 18 months have been all about the Rise of the Online Local.
Learn More
Join over 50,000 businesses using us to process
millions of secure payments each month
Starting a business or switching payment providers can be daunting. Our team of payment experts are here to help every step of the way.
Easy to set up
Transparent charges
A Trusted Brand
Highest level of security
Fraud prevention tools
24/7 telephone support
Sage Pay is now Opayo
Opayo is the new name for Sage Pay. We are one of the UK’s most trusted payments providers. Find out more about our name change, and our plans to serve you better.
Find out more
COVID-19 Customer Resource Centre
If your business has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and you are experiencing significant financial pressures or challenges to how you operate, we’re here to help. If you can’t find what you’re looking for our customer support team are on hand 24/7
Click Here
Strong Customer Authentication
We’ve put together some commonly asked questions to provide additional guidance on the new Strong Customer Authentication regulation and what it will mean for your business. If you can’t find what you’re looking for contact us, our customer support team are on hand to help 24-7.
Strong Customer Authentication FAQs
Frequently Asked Questions
Forgot your Merchant Number?
Forgotten your password
Test card details for your test transactions
More questions and answers
Call us now
Speak to one of our consultants for expert advice on 0191 313 0300
Contact Us
Apply online
We’ll help you start accepting payments online or over the phone
Apply now
Site Navigation
Company
About Us
Opayo.ie
Opayo Blog
Products
Online / Ecommerce
Face-to-Face
Apply Online
How we help you
Enterprise
Hospitality
Shopper Support
Partners & Developers
Why partner with us?
Partner directory
Integration documentation
System Monitor
Merchant Support
Become a merchant
General inquiries
FAQs
My SagePay Login
Already have an account with us?
Sign In
Social Icons
clicktale
Elavon Digital Europe Limited, trading as Opayo. The liability of the member is limited. Registered in England and Wales – Number 07492608. Registered Office at Second Floor, Q16, Quorum Business Park Benton Lane Newcastle upon Tyne NE12 8BX, United Kingdom.  ©️ 2020 Elavon Digital Europe Limited
Cookie Preference Centre
Legal Informational MenuTerms of use
Policies
Cookies policy
Contact us
Feedback
To know more about the cookies used in this website refer to our Cookie Policy
Privacy Preference CenterCookies are small text files which are transferred from our website, product or service and stored on your computer's hard drive.
They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide general usage information to the owners of the site as well as third parties mentioned in our Cookie Policy.Allow All Cookies Manage Consent PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off or disabled in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These are cookies needed for our websites, products and services to function properly.Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies also allow our websites, products and services to remember choices you make (such as your user name or when you last logged in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for.
Visit cookie preference centre to change your preference related to functional cookies.Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Visit cookie preference centre to change your preference related to performance cookies.Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks or other third parties with the website operators’ permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
Visit cookie preference centre to change your preference related to targeting cookies.Back Button BackVendor Search
Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label33Acrosshost descriptionView CookiesNamecookie name33AcrossView Privacy NoticeReject All Cookies Confirm My ChoicesThis website uses cookies to understand how you use our services so that we can improve your experience and serve you personalized content and advertising. To manage your cookie preferences or to know more about the cookies used in this website, visit the Cookie Preference Centre.
For our cookie policy, please click here.
Cookie Preference Centre Reject All Cookies Accept All Cookies