Team Satchel | Privacy Notice
Demo
Close
Schools
Secondary schools
MATs
Independent schools
Primary schools
Special schools
International schools
Google Classroom
Microsoft Teams
Products
Satchel One
Show My Homework
Attendance NEW
Seating
Timetables
Behaviour
Detentions
Content
Satchel Classes NEW
Resources
Charity partners
Resource Centre
Newsroom
Blog
COVID-19
Distance learning
School reopenings
Pricing
020 7197 9550
Log in
Privacy notice
Please read all of the Satchel policies and Terms of Use carefully.
Privacy Notice last updated on 01-07-2021.
Update to International transfer section following the EU Adequacy Decision on data transfers between the UK and EU. Information on this decision can be found on the ICO website.
Privacy Notice
1.	SCOPE
Satchel (‘Satchel’, ‘we’, ‘us’) takes the protection of privacy very seriously. This notice describes how we collect, use, and handle your personal data. It also describes your data protection rights, including a right to object to some of the processing which Satchel carries out. More information about your rights, and how to exercise them, is set out in the ‘Your rights?’ section below.
This notice applies to the information Satchel collect from parents, teachers and students when they use our Satchel One tool (including Teachercentric Ltd, Show My Homework, Satchel Seating, Satchel Behaviour, Satchel Attendance, Satchel Detentions, Satchel Timetables and Satchel Content). It also covers personal information collected on www.teamsatchel.com.
Your school will be the data controller for the personal data which is hosted in Satchel One. For more information on how this personal data is processed, please speak to your school or refer to their privacy notice.
2.	WHO WE ARE
We are Satchel, our flagship product, Show My Homework, was launched in 2011 by former assistant head teacher, Naimish Gohil, who had a vision to transform the way homework and technology was approached in schools. Our software is now used in over 1 in 3 secondary schools in the UK and in 23 countries across the world, making a difference to the lives of millions of students and parents.
The website www.teamsatchel.com, and Satchel apps in the UK are run by Satchel.
3.	WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect and process the following information:
your first name
your last name
your email address
your mobile number (which is optional)
your marketing preferences, including any consents you have given us;
Information you provide in enquiry forms;
information related to the browser or device you use to access our website.
Sometimes, we receive information about you from third parties. This includes information from your school, but also in the case of teachers or other school staff, information from publicly available sources such as LinkedIn and in some cases obtaining information (such as email contact lists) from data suppliers.
4.	HOW DO WE USE THIS INFORMATION?
We process this data for the following purposes:
In our capacity as a Data Processor for a Data Controller, in particular:
Provision of Satchel One and ancillary services to Education Providers
Supporting our Data Controllers with upholding the rights of affected Data Subjects
Where we act as a Data Processor, we act on the lawful basis provided to us by each Data Controller. This information should be available on your Data Controller’s Privacy Notice. In the majority of cases the lawful basis is typically Public Task.
To fulfil a contract, or take steps linked to a contract including:
To provide Satchel One and our website, and ancillary services such as customer support.
To authenticate users of Satchel One.
Taking payments for the purchase of Satchel software licences or Satchel’s online digital content.
To send you service, technical and other administrative emails relating to Satchel One and our website, messages and other types of communications, like two factor authentication and resetting your password.
As required by Satchel to conduct our business and pursue our legitimate interests, in particular:
To ensure Satchel One and our website is working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us.
To make improvements to Satchel One and our website and to help us develop new products and services.
To respond to enquiry forms that you complete on our website.
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how Satchel One and our website is used. For example, we analyse data about your use of Satchel One to do things like optimise product design. This information can consist of information such as geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit, pages viewed and phone make and model.
We use information you provide to investigate any complaints received from you or from others, about Satchel One, our website or other services.
For direct marketing purposes including creating a profile about you to better understand you and tailor the marketing we serve you (including on social media). This may include information about Satchel One or information about our other products and services.
We will use information in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes as necessary (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation).
To conduct surveys and other market research to ensure our services are relevant to your needs.
Where you give us consent:
where required by law to send you direct marketing in relation to our services;
we place cookies and use similar technologies. See our Cookie Policy; and
on other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use the information for the purpose which we explain at that time.
For purposes which are required by law:
In response to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation.
5.	DISCLOSURE
Vendors and service providers. We will share your personal information with third party service providers who support our business, who will process it on behalf of Satchel for the purposes identified above. Such third parties include providers of hosting services and technical infrastructure CRM services, customer support services, and marketing services. Some of our key service providers are listed below:
Vendor
Purpose
Hubspot / based in the United States
Marketing automation / company updates / product information
Send In Blue / based in France
Marketing automation / company updates / product information
Amazon Web Services (AWS) / based in Ireland
Product Database (including personal data from school MIS)
Salesforce / based in Ireland
Key school contact database / support ticketing system (including user contact information) / product information / marketing database
New Voice Media / England
Call recording software for training and quality purposes
Stripe / Ireland
Online payment provider
Zapier / United States
Marketing automation
Groupcall / England
Data sharing between Satchel and the school MIS
Intercom / United States
Customer engagement and support tool
Legal reasons. We will share personal information outside of Satchel if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to (i) enforce applicable terms of service or other agreements, including investigation of potential violations and audits, (ii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security risks, or technical issues, and (iii) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Satchel, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
Group companies. We may share your information with our group of companies for the purposes of business administration, maintaining security and regulatory compliance, providing support services to end users (including IT support, where relevant), marketing and analytics.
Your school. When you access or use our services in the course of working for your school, we may share your information with such organisation in certain circumstances.
Business transfers. In the event that Satchel undergoes any reorganisation, restructuring, merger, sale, or other transfer of assets your information will be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser’s adviser and will be passed to any new owners of the business.
6.	INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
In connection with the purposes identified above, your personal information may be transferred outside the UK, including to the United States and the European Economic Area (‘EEA’). Where information is transferred outside the UK that is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission, information is adequately protected by EU Commission approved standard contractual clauses, or a vendor's Processor Binding Corporate Rules. For the latest information on EU adequacy decision please follow this link to the ICO website. For more information on the transfer mechanism used, please contact us at the details set out below. We are also aware of the CJEU ruling “Schrems II” and have reviewed our international transfers to ensure we no longer rely on EU-US Privacy shield as the basis for any of our International Transfer to the USA.
Vendor
Lawful Basis
Hubspot / based in the United States
Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC)
Zapier / United States
Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC) & Binding Corporate Rules (BCR)
Intercom / based in the United States
Standard Contractual Clauses (SCC)
Send In Blue / based in France
Adequacy Decision
Amazon Web Services (AWS) / based in Ireland
Adequacy Decision
Salesforce / based in Ireland
Adequacy Decision
Stripe / Ireland
Adequacy Decision
7.	RETENTION
For data which is hosted in Satchel One: As noted above, Satchel is not a Data Controller for personal data hosted in Satchel One. Therefore as a Data Processor, we delete this data on the instruction of your school.
Satchel will, pursuant to the school instructions, process and store personal data for students, parents, teachers and school staff members for the duration of the schools license with Satchel. If you leave the school during an active license with your school we will delete/anonymise your personal data within 28 days of your account being deleted by your school.
If you are a parent of children at two different schools which use Satchel, if one school requests that Satchel delete its data your details will still be held by Satchel for the second school.
For data which is listed in section 3 above:
For non-Satchel users (such as prospects and business contacts) we will process and store personal data while we are in contact with you with relevant information on our services. If we have not contacted you for a period of 2 years your data will then be removed from our system automatically.
If you have opted out to your data being processed we will delete your data within 28 days of your opt out being received.
Sometimes business and legal requirements oblige us to retain certain information, for specific purposes, for an extended period of time. Reasons we might retain some information for longer periods of time include security, fraud prevention, financial record-keeping, complying with legal or regulatory requirements.
8.	YOUR RIGHTS
Where required by applicable law or regulation, you have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal information; to correct, delete or restrict (stop any active) processing of your personal information; and to obtain the personal information you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine readable format, and to ask us to share (port) this information to another controller.
In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal information in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the information to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, or where we are using the information for direct marketing). These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal information about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. We will inform you of relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make.
To exercise any of these rights - or get a copy of our legitimate interest balancing tests - you can get in touch with us using the details set out below. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to an information protection authority where you live, work or where you believe a breach may have occurred.
For the provision of information marked as mandatory when you register to use Satchel One, if such information is not provided, then you will not be able to use the service. All other provision of your information is optional. If you do not provide such information, our provision of certain services to you may be detracted from.
9.	CONTACT DETAILS
Our Data Protection Officer and data protection representatives can be contacted directly here:
By email: DPO@teamsatchel.com
By Mail:	Data Protection Officer 2nd Floor, 154-158 Shoreditch High St, London E1 6HU, United Kingdom
Legal quick links
Terms Of Use
Privacy Notice
Cookie Policy
Acceptable Use
House Rules
GDPR
satchel:
About us
Get to know more about the people behind the products.
Our story
Blog
Contact us
Customer support
Whatever you need, when you need it. We’re here to help.
View user guides
Log a support ticket
Watch video tutorials
Social media
Keep up-to-date with all things Satchel and education.
Follow us on Twitter
Like us on Facebook
Connect on Instagram
© Teachercentric. All Rights Reserved 2008 - 2021
Get In Touch
Site Map
Status Page
Legal
GDPR
Privacy Preference CenterWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More informationAllow All Manage Consent PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Cookies Details‎Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Cookies Details‎Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Cookies Details‎Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Cookies Details‎Back Button Performance CookiesVendor Search
Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label33Acrosshost descriptionView CookiesNamecookie name Confirm My ChoicesCookie ConsentWe would like to collect your data to enhance your browsing experience, analyse and measure your engagement with our content. By clicking Accept you consent to this and to the sharing of this data with our partners for these purposes . For more information, including information on your rights, find out more here. Cookie Policy LinkDecline AcceptYour Choices