Web filtering, suicide prevention, and device management.
School
product bundles
360 Cloud
End-to-end student safety
and management
Safety Cloud
Student safety that goes
beyond filtering
1:1 Cloud
The ultimate 1:1 solution
compare
Compare Clouds
Securly vs. Others
products
Filter
Scalable, cloud-based webfiltering for every device
inyour district
Auditor
Real-time scanning fornudity, bullying, self-harm,and
violence
24
Round-the-clock safetymonitoring by a teamof specialists
Tipline
Anonymous tip line andrisk assessment alertsschools to
trouble
Classroom
Teachers can guide lessonsand keep students focusedin
any environment
MDM
Mobile device managementdesigned for schoolswith Apple
devices
Home
Parent partnership
made easy
Visitor
Instant identity andbackground checks forguests visiting
the school
Messenger
Mass notification platform for parents and staff
Home
school devices
Home
App for parents to viewand manage school deviceactivity
at home
Support
Home support
Award-winning support
for our home products
Partners
Login
School login
Safety Console
Filter, Auditor, Visitor
Device Console
Classroom,
MDM
parent console
Parent Console
Home
Request a demo
COPPA Privacy Policy
For schools and parents
Effective Date: January 2021
Securly, Inc. (“we” or “us”) recognizes the importance of privacy. This COPPA Privacy Policy (“COPPA Policy”)
is designed to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) and contains important
information for schools and parents about how we collect, use and disclose the personal information we
collect from your students and your child or children including a child or children under 13 years old. For
purposes of this Policy, “child” or “children” means a child or children including a child or children under
13 years old. “Student” or “students” means a student or students including a child or children under 13
years old. Unless otherwise specified, for the purposes of this COPPA Policy, “you” and “your” refers to the
school, district, or educational institution (“school”) contracting with Securly for the provision of the
Services or to you as the parent of a child or children.
At Securly, we offer:
cloud based web filtering;
cyber-bullying and self-harm detection;
at school and take home policies for school issued devices;
our website www.securly.com;
the Parent Portal;
and each as applicable (collectively, the “Services”).
i. COPPA
Under COPPA, we are required to obtain consent to the collection of personal information online from children
under 13. When schools use our Services, the school (including a teacher, administrator or school district)
is required to consent to the collection and use of personal information from students as part of signing up
to use the Services. When parents use the Services independent of a school, they are required to provide
consent to the collection and use of personal information from children as part of the Services.
ii. Your Consent
By using the Services, you consent to the collection and use of the personal information, anonymous
information, and aggregate information about your students or child as described in this COPPA Policy, and
you confirm you are authorized to consent to the collection and use of this information. Use of the Services
by your students or child, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this COPPA Policy and our Terms of
Service including its applicable limitations on damages and resolution of disputes. The Terms of Service are
incorporated by reference into this COPPA Policy. Any personal information we collect about other users will
be treated in accordance with the Securly Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.
We only collect personal information belonging to a student or child through the Services where you have
consented (via the terms described in a separate agreement) for that student or child to use the Services
and disclose personal information to us.
The personal information of your students or child will not be used for any other purpose without your
consent. You may withdraw your consent to our processing of the personal information of your students or
child at any time. However, withdrawing consent may result in your students’ or child’s inability to
continue using some or all of the Services.
iii. Information We Collect About Your Students
Personal information of your students or child may be collected directly from you or your students or child,
from third parties, and automatically though your student’s or child’s use of the Services. Such information
may include, but is not limited to, personal information we collect from your students or child, and the
online activity, social media usernames and activity, electronic communications, and general web browsing
activity of the student or child.
iv. Information We Collect Directly
We collect students or child’s mobile device ID; device name and model; and operating system type, name, and
version of school issued devices.
v. Information We Collect Automatically
In order to provide our Services and to understand a student’s or a child’s activity while using our
Services, we may automatically collect the following information about a student or child through cookies,
web beacons, and other technologies: information regarding your student’s or child’s personal computing
device, browser type, browser language, operating system, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and the actions
your student takes while using the Services including while online (such as the web pages viewed or blocked,
the length of time your student or child visited a website, links clicked and messages sent or posted).,.
For more information about how we collect information automatically from users of our website and other
services, read the Securly Privacy Policy.
vi. Information that We Collect About Students from Social Networking Sites
If you permit your students or child to use Facebook, Twitter or other social networking sites (“Social
Networking Sites”), we will collect your students’ or child’s Social Networking activity including posts to
your students’ or child’s pages including Facebook wall, Twitter Tweets, Google+, and other messaging
activity for purposes of providing the Services including as applicable for detection of cyber-bullying or
self-harm protection. If your students or child is permitted by you to use Social Networking Sites, we will
collect your students’ or child’s activity on those sites even if your students or child has chosen to not
make that activity public.
We store your students’ or child’s Social Networking activity with other information that we collect from
your students or child.
vii. How We Use Your Student’s Information
We use student personal information we collect in the following ways:
To provide our Services including to respond to customer service and technical support issues and
requests. If a student or child runs into technical errors in the course of using the Services, we may
request your permission to obtain a crash report along with certain logging information from the
personal computing device utilized by the student or child documenting the error. Such information may
contain information regarding the device’s Operating System version, hardware, and browser version (and
.NET version information in case of Windows systems).
To track the online activities of your student or child including the information your student or child
distributes, displays, or share, and to provide you with reports and logs regarding the same. In the
case of schools, such reports may include class or school-wide student activity reports, to allow you to
conduct comparative analyses of your students.
We do not use student personal information in the following ways:
We do not collect a student’s or a child’s personal information for the purpose of sale of such
information in any way or for building student or child profiles for commercial purposes not related to
the provision of the Services.
We do not use your students’ personal information for advertising.
We may use aggregate or de-identified information about students and children for the following
purposes:
To monitor and analyze the Services and for technical administration;
To better understand how students and children access and use our Services;
To improve our Services; and
For other research and analytical purposes.
When your students or child use the Services on a personal computing device owned by you, we may use
geolocation information to determine their current location. Such information is specific to the
device only, and is not specific to the student or child. We may also use elements of your student’s
or child’s usage and analytics Information (such as IP address) to determine their generalized
location.
viii. How We Share Your Student’s Information
Service Providers. From time to time we may employ third parties to help us provide the Services, or to
perform Services (e.g., hosting) that may involve their access, use or storage of personal information
on our behalf. We may disclose the information we collect from students or children to such third party
vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform contractually defined functions on our
behalf. These third parties may have limited access to databases of user information solely for the
purpose of helping us provide you the Services and we have put in place contractual and other
organizational safeguards requiring them to take steps to ensure a proper level of protection of your
students’ personal information. These third parties are required to treat personal information in
accordance with our privacy and security policies and commitments. Except as explained above, we do not
disclose or transfer your students’ personal information to third parties except for authorized
educational/school purposes or as directed by the schools that have engaged us to provide Services. We
prohibit these third parties from using the personal information we collect about your students or child
for any purpose other than providing the contracted service.
Business Transfers. If we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our
assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the
personal information we have collected to the other company, provided the successor entity is subject
equivalent privacy and security commitments as Securly for the previously collected personal information
and the information disclosed continues to be used for only educational/school purposes.
In Response to Legal Process. We also may disclose the personal information we collect in order to
comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, subpoena or other legal process.
To Protect Us and Others. We also may disclose the personal information we collect where we believe it
is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud,
situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service
or this COPPA Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which Securly is involved.
With Schools and Parents. You are able to log in to view information about your students’ or child’s use
of the Services.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information. We may also use and share aggregate or de-identified
information about students or children with third parties for research and analytical purposes.
ix. Information Your Students Share with Third Parties
Your students or child may be able to voluntarily share personal information with third parties, including
Social Networking Sites, while using the Services. The privacy policies of these third parties are not under
our control and may differ from ours. The use of any information that your students or child may provide to
any third parties will be governed by the privacy policy of such third party or by your independent
agreement with such third party, as the case may be. For information they may use and disclose about your
students or child, including any information your students or child may make public, please consult their
respective privacy policies. We have no control over how any third party site controls the information that
it collects from your students or child.
x. Security
The security of your students’ or child’s personal information is important to us. We have implemented a
security program that is reasonably designed to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and
unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. We have implemented technical, contractual,
administrative, and physical security steps and other organizational safeguards designed to protect personal
information. This includes the use of authentication technologies, encryption where appropriate, and a
securely configured network.
We have implemented procedures limiting the dissemination of personal information to only such designated
service providers and staff as are reasonably necessary to carry out that member of the staff’s or vendor’s
specific role. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100%
security. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer
by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody
else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any
lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password
activity.
If we learn of a security breach that poses a serious risk of harm, we will attempt to notify
you electronically (subject to any applicable laws) so that you can take appropriate protective steps; for
example, we may post a notice on the Securly website or elsewhere on the Service, and may send email to you
at the email address you have provided to us. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to
receive notice of a security breach in writing.
xi. Your Rights to Review, Delete and Control Our Use of Your Students’ and Child’s Personal Information
We will make every reasonable effort to keep personal information accurate and up-to-date, and we will
provide you with mechanisms to review, update, and correct your students’ or child’s personal information as
appropriate and/or desired. You have a right to control the personal information we have collected from your
students or child, to review it, to delete it, and to tell us to no longer use it.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, personal information belonging to students or children will be deleted in all
cases including personal information held our third party service providers when it is no longer needed for
the purpose for which it was collected or when you terminate our Services pursuant contractual agreement.
All retained personal information will remain subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you would like
a student’s or child’s personal information to be deleted, or if you would like to obtain a copy of your
student’s or child’s personal information, please contact us at support@securly.com.
If we learn we have collected personal information about a student or child without proper consent, we will
delete that information as quickly as possible.
xii. Changes to this COPPA Policy
This COPPA Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this COPPA Policy from
time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this COPPA Policy on
our Site. If we make any changes to this COPPA Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to
the personal information we have previously collected from your students or child, we will endeavor to
provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our Site.
xiii. FERPA and COPPA Compliance Statement for Schools
We are committed to complying with the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (“FERPA”) and COPPA in all
applicable respects with regards to the collection, use, disclosure, and retention of the personal
information of your students.
We have contracted with you, as an operator defined under COPPA, in order to collect personal information
from your students, for the use and benefit of the students and the school in the educational context as
authorized by you, and for no other commercial purpose.
xiv. Contact us
If you have any questions, comments, concerns or suggestions with regards to the Services, the use of
students’ information or this COPPA Policy, please contact:
Bharath MadhusudanPrivacy DirectorSecurly Inc.111 N. Market Street, 4th floor,
Suite
400San Jose, California 95113United States
support@securly.com1 (855) 732-8759 (ext. 101)
If you have a complaint concerning our compliance with applicable privacy laws, we will investigate your
complaint, and if it is justified, we will take appropriate measures.
Product solutions
360 Cloud
Safety Cloud
1:1 Cloud
Company
About
Contact
News & events
Partners
Careers
Products
Filter
Auditor
24
Tipline
Classroom
MDM
Home
Visitor
Messenger
Resource hub
Help & support
Blogs
Lookup tool
Resources
Comparison guides
Compare solutions
360 Cloud
Safety Cloud
1:1 Cloud
Contact us
School:
US: 1 (855) 732-8759
UK: +44 141 343 8322
sales@securly.com
support@securly.com
Parents:
homesupport@securly.com
Stay connected
Enter email address
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
© 2021 Securly, Inc. All rights
reserved.
Privacy
Website terms
Children’s privacy policy
GDPR
Terms of service
× We Value Your PrivacySettingsNextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our advertising partners use cookies and similar technologies on this site and around the web to collect and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customize your consent.NextRoll and our advertising partners process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised ads, ad measurement and audience insights; ● Product development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our advertising partners to see the purposes they believe they have a legitimate interest for and how you can object to such processing.Your changes on this site will be applied across the internet on any digital property you visit using NextRoll's technology. If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see Decline AllAllow All