Privacy & cookies - Transport for London
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Transportfor London
Search the site
Plan a journey
Status updates
Maps
Fares
Help & contacts
Travel information
Visiting London
Transport accessibility
Safety
Improvements & projects
Timetables
Stations, stops & piers
Ways to get around
CyclingBusesWalkingDrivingTubeDLRLondon OvergroundEmirates Air Line Taxis & minicabsTramsRiverCoachesDial-a-RideTfL Rail
Quick links
Contactless and Oyster account
Refunds and replacements
Pay to drive in London
Travel tools
You are here:
Home
Privacy & cookies
Privacy & cookies
We are committed to protecting your personal information when you use TfL services. In this section we explain how we ensure that your privacy is respected and protected.
In line with current Government advice, TfL employees continue to work at home if they can. This can cause delays in sending and receiving post.
If you need to contact the Privacy team or submit a request, please don't send by post; please instead use the relevant form on our Access Your Data page or email DPO@tfl.gov.uk.
Who we are and what we do
We sometimes need to collect your personal information so that we can provide you with the full range of our services, operate London's transport network effectively and carry out our statutory functions. Here, we outline our obligations and your rights under the data protection legislation, which regulates the use of personal information by all private and public sector organisations.
TfL is a statutory body created by the Greater London Authority (GLA) Act 1999. The GLA Act gives the Mayor of London a general duty to develop and apply policies to promote and encourage safe, integrated, efficient and economic transport facilities and services to, from and within London. This is known as the 'General Transport Duty'. The Mayor delegates this duty to TfL to carry out on their behalf, together with the implementation of the Mayor's Transport Strategy.
Why we handle personal information
Under data protection legislation, TfL is only allowed to use personal information if we have a proper reason or 'legal basis' to do so. In most cases, our handling of your personal information will be necessary for the delivery of the Mayor's Transport Strategy and the statutory functions described above.
Depending on the TfL product or service you use or sign up for, there may be another legal basis that makes the handling of your personal information lawful. You should refer to the menu of privacy pages on this page for more information.
TfL website
Our website privacy statement and Cookies page explain:
What information we may collect about you online
How we will use the information collected
How we protect the information you give us
The use of web beacons
The use of cookies and how to manage them
Manage your cookies
TfL services
If you are asked to provide information when applying for, or using, specific TfL services (eg the Zip Oyster photocard or Santander Cycles schemes) these pages outline how we use and protect this information.
Service messages and marketing
If you are currently receiving service messages or marketing communications from TfL and no longer wish to do so, please let us know by emailing unsubscribe@tfl.gov.uk.
Sharing personal information
We do not sell your personal information to anyone. We don't share your personal information with any third parties unless they are providing services to us under contract or disclosure is permitted by, or required by, law. Please refer to the menu of privacy pages on this page for more information.
Third-party sites
Our website contains links to sites owned and operated by third parties. They have their own privacy policies, and we urge you to review them before browsing those sites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third-party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
Protecting your personal information
Your privacy is very important to TfL, and we take all necessary measures to ensure your personal information is properly protected and secured. This includes having appropriate technical and organisational arrangements to secure your information. TfL will never send an unsolicited message asking you to provide your password, financial details or other sensitive information by email or through a link.
Current projects
E-scooter trial
TfL are currently working with London Councils and some London boroughs to deliver a rental e-scooter trial for London. The trial began on 7 June 2021 and will run for at least 12 months, with three e-scooter operators taking part. More details can be found in the press release.
Operators and the Department for Transport will be sharing data with us throughout the trial period. This will include data relating to the location of vehicles, trips taken, user and usage information, safety and incident reporting, environment and sustainability metrics, and education and outreach activities. Information shared with us will be used to ensure we can safely manage the trial, and support research, monitoring and evaluation.
Some of the data shared with TfL will have originally been provided by e-scooter hirers during their use of the operator's services and when responding to surveys. To ensure our approach to the collection of this data is appropriate we have carried out privacy assessments and have taken steps to ensure any personal information collected is limited, for example ensuring data is aggregated and depersonalised where possible. TfL will not use any data shared with us to identify specific individuals.
Data collected will also be shared with London Councils and London boroughs, and TfL has a contract with a third-party service provider for the delivery of a data platform to store some of the data.
Under privacy and data protection legislation TfL is only allowed to use personal information if we have a proper reason or 'legal basis' to do so. Our 'legal basis' here is our statutory and public functions to undertake activities to promote and encourage safe, integrated, efficient and economic transport facilities and services, and to deliver the Mayor's Transport Strategy.
Data collected will not be held for longer than is necessary for the purposes we have obtained it for.
The TfL Privacy and Data Protection team considers and coordinate responses to requests and complaints from people whose personal data is processed by TfL and its subsidiary companies. You can contact the Data Protection Officer by email at DPO@tfl.gov.uk. We make available on these pages further details about Your information rights.
Privacy & cookies navigation
Access your data
Capital Call
CCTV & surveillance cameras
Compulsory purchase
Contactless payment
Cookies
Dial-a-Ride
Direct Vision Standard and the HGV safety permit scheme
Employment
Event data from mobile devices
External Recruitment
Occupational Health and Wellbeing
Oyster card
Privacy & data protection policy
Protect your data
Public transport support services
Reporting street problems
Road User Charging
Santander Cycles
Taxi & private hire licensing
Taxi and Private Hire: National Register of Refusals and Revocations
TfL Go
Website privacy
Wi-Fi data collection
Your information rights
Zip Oyster photocard
18+ Student Oyster photocard
60+ Oyster photocard
Contact our Data Protection Officer
Email address
DPO@tfl.gov.uk
About TfL
Help & contacts
Careers
About TfL
Safety & security
Transparency
Publications & reports
Social media & email updates
Gift Shop
Information for...
MediaBusiness & advertisersBoroughs & communitiesSchools & young peopleDeliveries in LondonUrban planning & constructionTaxi & private hire Suppliers & contractorsBus operatorsOpen data usersCoach driversInvestors
Mayor of London
London Assembly
London and Partners
Metropolitan Police Service
London Fire and Emergency Planning Authority
The Mayors Office of Policing and Crime
London Legacy Development Corporation
Legal information
Terms & conditions Privacy & cookiesWebsite accessibility
Copyright TfL
Close Favourites
Sign in or create an account
Sign out
My Lines
Edit my lines
Service BoardSorry, service board information could not be retrieved.
Service BoardService information is out of date. Please try reloading the page.
View all statuses
My Buses
Edit my buses
My Roads
Edit my roads
Service BoardSorry, service board information could not be retrieved.
Service BoardService information is out of date. Please try reloading the page.
View all reported incidents
My River Buses
Edit my river buses
Service BoardSorry, service board information could not be retrieved.
Service BoardService information is out of date. Please try reloading the page.
View all statuses
My Emirates Air Line
Edit my emirates airline
Service BoardSorry, service board information could not be retrieved.
Service BoardService information is out of date. Please try reloading the page.
View status
My Journeys
Edit my journeys
My Places
Edit my places
Add favourites for quick access to live status, journeys and places
Lines
Buses
Roads
River Buses
Emirates Air Line
JourneysPlan a journey and favourite it for quick access in the future
PlacesChoose postcodes, stations and places for quick journey planning
Close edit Favourites
Sign out
Favourite lines
Done updating my favourites
Bakerloo
Central
Circle
District
Hammersmith & City
Jubilee
Metropolitan
Northern
Piccadilly
Victoria
Waterloo & City
London Overground
TfL Rail
DLR
Tram
Favourite buses
Done updating my favourites
Add new bus
Search
Favourite roads
Done updating my favourites
A1
A10
A12
A13
A2
A20
A21
A23
A24
A3
A316
A4
A40
A41
Blackwall Tunnel
Central London Red Routes
North Circular (A406)
South Circular (A205)
Favourite river buses
Done updating my favourites
RB1
RB2
RB4
RB5
RB6
Woolwich Ferry
Favourite Emirates Air Line
Done updating my favourites
Emirates Air Line
Favourite journeys
Done updating my favourites
My places
Done updating my favourites
Edit label
Add new place
Done updating my favourites
Existing place
Add a Label
Add a label
Search
Add places
Places
Choose postcodes, stations and places for quick journey planning
FaviconFavourites updatedView