Privacy Policy - The Forum
Jump to content
Community Home
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
TheForum365.com
Website Privacy Policy
1. Data Protection
We comply with the principles of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) when dealing with all data received from customers or visitors to our website.
2. Our Services
We only hold the data necessary to offer services provided on our website. We do not ask for or use more data than necessary to provide you with a proper service. This means we only process and hold data related to purchases and subsequent support related to those purchases, in accordance with Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Any processing of your data is only done to provide or perform the services or products you have purchased.
3. Data Protection Register
Data is only used for the purposes described in our entry on the Data Protection Register.
4. Required Period
We only hold personal data for as long as necessary. Once data is no longer needed we delete it.
5. Card & Payment Processing Data
We use third-party payment providers to handle card and payment processing data securely. We never see or store any card or payment information. In accordance with Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) any other data is only used to process your purchase securely. In accordance with Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we need to retain data related to all purchases to fulfil our existing legal obligations to account for tax and VAT on all transactions.
6. Backup & Data Storage
For administrative reasons, customer data and email subscription data may be passed to and stored securely with third party service providers located outside the EEA (European Economic Area). This is done to backup and preserve your data where it is needed to carry on offering a service to you.
7. Customer Requests
As a customer, you can at any time (and free of charge) request details of the data we hold relating to you - and you can also request any such data is amended or deleted. Please note that if you request deletion of your data, this may prevent us from offering any further support relating to your previous purchases.
8. Email Updates
We regularly email website news and information updates to those customers who have specifically subscribed to our email service. All subscription emails sent by us contain clear information on how to unsubscribe from our email service. Our email service is an opt-in service only; with your prior consent required in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This means to subscribe you must enter your details into the email subscription page and submit them to us.
9. Our Promise
We never sell rent or exchange mailing lists.
10. Data Sharing With Partners
We do not share commercial or technical data with our partners unless we have specifically sought and obtained your prior approval. Where we request such approval, we will always fully disclose how your data is used.
Please note that even when we have your specific consent, we only share data with partners that operate their own privacy policy in full accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
11. Spam
In accordance with the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, we never send bulk unsolicited emails, (popularly known as Spam) to email addresses.
12. Product Updates
We may send emails to existing customers or prospective customers who have enquired or registered with us, regarding products or services directly provided by us.
13. Email Content
All emails sent by us will be clearly marked as originating from us. All such emails will also include clear instructions on how to unsubscribe from our email service and any future emails. Such instructions will either include a link to a page to unsubscribe or a valid email address to which you should reply, with “unsubscribe” as the email subject heading.
14. Cookies
Our website uses "cookies" to track use and allow customers to purchase from our website. Please note that these cookies do not contain or pass any personal, confidential or financial information or any other information that could be used to identify individual visitors or customers purchasing from our website. Please note that you are free to refuse cookies. However, for purely technical reasons this may prevent you from purchasing from our website. This is because anonymous cookies are commonly used to keep track of the contents of customers’ shopping baskets or trolleys during the checkout process. This facility ensures that the items added to (or removed from) your basket are accurately stated when you go to pay.
15. Contact Us
If you have any questions relating to our Privacy Policy, please email us at admin@theforum365.com or use our contact form.
This policy was last updated on 27/04/2020
Third Parties
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Privacy Policy
Spam Defense
The IPS Spam Defense Service passes the email address and IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood a registering account is a spam source.
Privacy Policy
Invisible reCAPTCHA
This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website.
Privacy Policy
Email Verifier
The Email Verifier passes the email address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood an email is disposable or invalid.
Privacy Policy
Validator.pizza
The Validator.pizza passes the email address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood an email is disposable, invalid or alias.
Privacy Policy
IP Intelligence
The IP Intelligence passes the IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood a registering account uses proxy, VPN or Tor.
Privacy Policy
ipdata
The ipdata passes the IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the location of a registering account and the likelihood a registering account uses proxy, VPN, Tor, known attacker or abuser IP address.
Privacy Policy
All Activity
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Powered by Invision Community
×
Existing user? Sign In
Sign Up
Browse
Back
Forums
Football Forum
Official Club Threads
Official Threads
Rugby Forum
Rules
Activity
Back
View My Posts
Status
×
Create New...
Important Information
View Terms of service (Terms of Use) and Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) and Forum Guidelines ({Guidelines})
I accept