TrouDigital Privacy Policy - TrouDigital Digital Signage
02380 981110 info@troudigital.comOpening Hours: Mon – Fri: 9am – 5pmMy Shop AccountStudio LoginSolutionsHardwareSoftwareFeaturesEnterpriseSectorsAdvertisingCorporate CommunicationsDentistsDigital WayfindingEstate AgentsEducationSchoolsUniversitiesManufacturingPlaces of WorshipHotelsHealthcareHospitalsPharmaciesRetailRestaurantsSuccess StoriesResourcesWhat Is Digital Signage?Why TrouDigital?Digital Signage BlogTrouDigital WidgetsShopPricingFree DemoContact Us Select Page TrouDigital Privacy Policylast updated on 20 May 2021INTRODUCTIONWelcome to the privacy policy of TrouDigital. We respect your privacy and we are committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit www.troudigital.com (“Website”) (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. IMPORTANT INFORMATIONThis privacy policy aims to give you information on how TrouDigital collects and processes your personal data through your use of the Website, including any data you may provide through the Website when you sign up to our newsletter or purchase one of our products or services.This Website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them. DATA CONTROLLERNeo Media Signage Limited trading as TrouDigital is the data controller and responsible for your personal data (referred to as “TrouDigital“, “we“, “us” or “our” in this privacy policy). Neo Media Signage Limited is a private limited company, incorporated under the laws of England and Wales with company number 08699330 and with its registered address at 30 Holly Hill, Bassett, Southampton, Hampshire, SO16 7EW, United Kingdom.If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact us by e-mail at info@troudigital.com or by telephone via 02380-981110. You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK regulator for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe keep our privacy policy under regular review. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.THIRD-PARTY LINKSThis Website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy policies. When you leave our Website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOUPersonal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:Identity Data includes your first and last name, your username or similar identifier, job title.Contact Data includes your billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.Financial Data includes your payment details.Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this Website. Usage Data includes information about how you use our Website, products and services. Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.If you fail to provide personal dataWhere we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with our goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe collect personal data from you in the following ways:When you interact with us. You may give us your Identity and Contact Data by filling in forms on our Website or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:purchase our products or services;create an account on our Website;book a free demo on our Website;subscribe to our service or publications; request marketing to be sent to you;enter a competition, promotion or survey; orgive us feedback or contact us. When you visit our Website via automated technologies. As you interact with our Website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. Please see our cookie policy for further details.Via third parties. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below: Technical Data from analytics providers such as Google based outside the UK.Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services such as Stripe, PayPal and credit card payment providers.HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you. We process your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract. The contract you enter into are our Terms and Conditions applicable to the purchase of goods and/or services.Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. Legitimate interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). Where we need to comply with a legal obligation. This means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to. Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although we will get your consent before sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.Purposes for which we will use your personal dataWe have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below. Purpose/ActivityType of dataLawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interestTo register you as a new customer(a) Identity (b) ContactPerformance of a contract with youTo process and deliver your order including:(a) Manage payments, fees and charges(b) Collect and recover money owed to us(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Financial (d) Transaction (e) Marketing and Communications(a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)To manage our relationship with you which will include:(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy(b) Asking you to leave a review/testimonial or take a survey(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Marketing and Communications(a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)To administer and protect our business and this Website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)  (a) Identity(b) Contact(c) Technical(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligationTo deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Usage (e) Marketing and Communications (f) Technical Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences(a) Technical (b) Usage Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Technical (d) Usage (e) Profile (f) Marketing and CommunicationsNecessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)Promotional offersWe may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing). You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.Third-party marketing We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.Opting outYou can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the website and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences. by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time. Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product or service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.CookiesYou can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our cookie policy.Change of purpose We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.Disclosures of your personal dataWe may share your personal data with the external third party service-providers, including IT service providers as Amazon and GoDaddy, analytic providers such as Google Analytics and our CRM service provider, for the purposes set out in the table (Purposes for which we will use your personal data) above.In addition, we may share personal data with third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERSMany of our external third parties are based outside the UK so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the UK. Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the UK, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented: We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data.Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved for use in the UK which give personal data the same protection it has in the UK. DATA SECURITYWe have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATAWe will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposesFor which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Your Rights below for further information.In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.YOUR RIGHTSUnder certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out below, please contact us at info@troudigital.com.You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. You have the right to:Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request. Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: If you want us to establish the data’s accuracy.Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.AboutWhy TrouDigital? What Is Digital Signage? Digital Signage Blog Pricing Free Demo Contact UsSectorsAdvertising Corporate Communications Dentists Digital Hand Sanitiser Digital Wayfinding Education Estate Agents Hospitals Manufacturing Pharmacy Places of Worship Restaurant RetailShopAll Products Hardware Software Digital Menu Boards Media Players Screens Stands and Brackets OffersContact1st Floor North, Kenneth Dibben House Enterprise Road Southampton Science Park Southampton SO16 7NS United Kingdom02380 981110info@troudigital.comFollowFollowFollowFollowFollowCopyright © 2020 TrouDigital. All Rights Reserved. TrouDigital – Cloud Based Digital Signage Specialist. Reg. England/Wales. Company No. 08699330. VAT Reg No. 265 354 689Privacy Policy
0
0 Your Cart Your cart is emptyReturn to Shop Continue Shopping
Complete the form below toAccess Your Free Ebook
Name*
First
Last Company Name*Email*
We're happy to answer your digital signage questionsContact a Digital Signage Specialist First Name*Last Name*Email* Company Name*Phone*Message*NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.