Privacy & Cookies Policy (the 'Policy') | Daily Mail Online
SHARE SELECTION
Home
News
U.S.
Sport
TV&Showbiz
Australia
Femail
Health
Science
Money
Food
Travel
Best Buys
Discounts
Argos
AO.com
River Island
Groupon
Debenhams
Wayfair
Very
eBay
Boohoo
Nike
Currys
Virgin Media
ASOS
TUI
My Profile
Logout
Login
Latest headlines
World News
You Mag
Books
Promos
Rewards
Mail Shop
Property
Motoring
Columnists
Covid-19
My Profile
Logout
Login
Privacy Policy
Feedback
Friday, Jul 9th 2021
6AM
14°C
9AM
19°C
5-Day Forecast
show ad
ASSOCIATED NEWSPAPERS LIMITEDPrivacy & Cookies Policy (the 'Policy')  Last Updated: 16 February 2021Previous version(s): 23 September  2020
You can control online behavioural advertising cookies on
this website via your Cookie
Settings. Further details on this can be found under
Cookies and other identifiers in
Section
14
below.
1. What is this Policy for? This Policy explains how we protect and handle any personal information you provide to us, including via our websites, our apps, our social media pages/accounts, email, telephone and in person. It also covers any personal information we receive from third parties and provides you with an overview of your rights.   By using our products and services, including browsing our websites, registering, logging in or signing up for marketing, you agree that we may use your personal information as outlined in this Policy. There may be occasions when we share responsibility for the processing and protection of your personal data in connection with your use of our products and services as joint controllers with our partners (please see section 2 Who we are) for additional information. In such instances our partners will process your personal data in accordance with their privacy notices.2. Who we aredmg media is an international multichannel media company which is home to some of the UK's most popular brands, including the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday, MailOnline, Metro, This Is Money, You Magazine, MyMail, MailPlus, MailShop, MailWineClub, MailTravel, MailFinance, MailExperiences, The i, inews. These brands are all trading styles of Associated Newspapers Ltd., which is the controller of your personal data for the purposes of data protection law.These brands also share infrastructure, systems and technology and all fall under the data control of Associated Newspapers Ltd. These brands work together to understand how our users interact with our products and services, and to share insights to improve our products and services.If you are a MyMail member and have linked your account with your Nectar Account, Associated Newspapers Ltd. and Nectar Loyalty Ltd. ('Nectar') will each be data controllers of your personal data. Associated Newspapers Ltd will handle your personal data in accordance with this Policy and Nectar will handle your data in accordance with Nectar's Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. If you engage with certain online bargains, discounts, last-minute vouchers, best buys and/or similar promotional offers (“Offers”) made available on our websites, or make use of the DailyMail Extras extension for desktop web browsers (“Extension”), we will process your data as joint controllers with Global Savings Group Ltd (“GSG”) and its affiliate CupoNation GmbH, who assist GSG as a marketing partner. GSG will handle your data in accordance with its Privacy Policy and CupoNation GmbH will handle your data in accordance with its Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.  3.  What kinds of information do we collect:We collect the following information:Information you've provided to us: We collect information such as your name, telephone number, address, email address when you create and log into an online account, subscribe to one of our titles, sign up for our marketing communications, respond to one of our competitions/promotions or Offers, order or register your interest in one of our products, use the Extension or post a comment under an article, in addition to, where you or your organisation provide us with products or services, the name of your organisation and bank and account details and information relating to a particular transaction. This information may be collected via your computer browser, an online web form, a data capture form, an app, by email, by telephone, or by post.When you visit our website or app, we shall create a unique identifier (“UID”) that allows us to recognise you when you use our website or apps, including if you log in from a different device or platform. Information from your device:We collect information from and about the device you are using when you interact with one of our websites, apps or other products/services, including adverts. This may include:Device Type: Information about your operating system, hardware, software, browser type in order to tailor the experience to your device (e.g. screen resolution).Device Operations: Information about your operations and behaviours performed on your device to tailor the experience based on how you or similar users have interacted with our content.Unique identifiers: Device IDs and Advertiser IDs in order to save your preferences against an identifier to refer to on subsequent pages and to display advertising.Device Settings: Information from your device's setting (such as access to your GPS location or other information related to the location of your device) so that we know which version of the website to serve you;Network/connections: Your IP address, so that we can recognise if you have visited us before, allow your device to communicate with our websites and apps, and determine your geographical location.Cookies: Data from cookies or similar technologies placed on your device which tells us about your use of our websites and/or selected third party websites. Some cookies are also placed by third parties. Please see Section 12 on Cookies and other identifiers below for more information about our use of cookies and other similar technologies.Information collected by the Extension.Unique identifiers: A unique installation ID or similar identifier is also processed to recognise the Extension you have installed.Access Data: With regard to each of your visits to our websites and the urls and domains you visit while Extension is installed, GSG’s web-servers record technical information which your browser automatically transmits. This includes the IP address used to connect your computer or mobile device to the internet (including in truncated form), the browser type and version you use, the operating system, date and time of your access, whether Java is on or off, whether cookies are accepted or rejected.Usage Data: GSG collects further information about your visit to our websites and your usage of its services and content and the Urls and domains you visit while Extension is installed. That information includes the full Url clickstream to, through and from the Extension (including date and time), visited sub-pages, information you searched for, response times, length of visits to certain pages, email openings and which banners or links on the website or in an email were clicked on, browsing activity (such as scroll positions, clicks and mouse movements), search queries, the Url of the website you visited immediately beforehand. GSG uses such data for a variety of purposes (e.g. to better understand your needs and preferences so that GSG can improve the Extension, its other services and their functions and to provide you with more relevant and interest-based contents.Device Data: In case of Extension, screen size, time zone setting, and geographical identifiers.For more information on how GSG processes your information and how to exercise your rights, please visit GSG’s Privacy Policy. • Posting comments on articlesWhen you comment on an article, the information you post and your username are publicly accessible. This information can be viewed and collected by other people. We strongly suggest you avoid sharing any personal details, and especially information that can be used to identify you directly such as your name, age, address and name of employer in your comments. We are not responsible for the privacy of the information you make publicly accessible via the comments section. Please see our Terms and House Rules for more information. • Information about transactions madeIf you purchase anything or make any other financial transactions on any of our properties (e.g. on MailShop), we collect information about your purchase and ask for information including your name, e-mail address and delivery address to be forwarded on to the vendors who are responsible for delivering your order. This does not include payment information, such as your credit/debit card number. • Information from partnersWhere you have registered or created an account with one of our websites, we may obtain information about you from other companies who have obtained your permission (through their own privacy policies) to share information about you.We may overlay demographic and lifestyle data from CACI to help us understand what you might be interested in for insight and marketing purposes (also known as 'profiling'). CACI data are built using a variety of sources, including publicly available data (such as the electoral register and UK Census records) or from surveys and polls where you have given permission for your data to be shared. For more information on these partners and how you can opt-out of having your data shared with us from these sources for profiling purposes, please see the section entitled 'Marketing Personalisation' in Section 7 below. • Social media:If you log-in to our websites through a social media site, such as Facebook, Twitter or Google, you are granting permission to such company to share your user information with us. This will include your name and email address plus any other information you have permitted them to share with third parties. If you remove our website from your Facebook, Twitter or Google account, we will no longer have access to this information.We use plugins from social media networks and other platforms on our websites, that may allow you to share content with these networks/platforms or use their services on our websites. For more information, please see Section 7 of this Policy. • Browser pop-up notificationsWhen you consent to receiving pop-up browser notifications from one of our websites, we collect the following information: - the url of the page you were on when you were subscribed;  - your country code; - your device type; - your browser name and version; - whether the notification was shown to you; and - the topics of the notification you have clicked on or interacted with.• Information about other peopleBy supplying us with information about someone else, you confirm that they have authorised you to provide us with their information (including sensitive personal data) on their behalf.  4. Legal Bases for processing your data under UK GDPR and EU GDPR We rely on the following legal bases to process your personal data under the UK General Data Protection Regulation (“UK GDPR”) and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“EU GDPR”).  Contract: We process some of your data as a necessary part of performing our contractual obligations to you. For example, ensuring products you buy can be delivered to you, to provide you with access to your digital subscription or to provide a prize to which you have won. Consent: Some processing activities will only be done where we have sought your prior consent. If we require your consent, we will provide you with full details of the information that we would like and the reason we need it. Once given, you have the right to withdraw your consent again at any point and we will be obliged to stop processing your data and delete it unless we can demonstrate that another legal basis applies. Legal Obligation: There may be situations where we need to use your information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations or defend claims. This includes publishing information about competition winners.Legitimate Interest: We process some of your data because it is in our legitimate interests to do so. Where this is the case, we have considered the impact that using your information may have on you and limited our use to only what is strictly necessary. Where we are using this as our basis, we can provide you with an explanation of why the processing is in our interests and you are free to contest this decision if you wish. Examples of our legitimate interests processing activities include:supporting a free press and individual and societal rights to receive information;developing, delivering and maintaining relevant and engaging products services and advertising; and understanding who our audiences are in order to better serve them.  5. How we may use your information JournalismWe use personal information for journalistic activities to support a free press and to support individual and societal rights to receive information.Legal basis for these processing activities: Legitimate Interest Message boards, blogs and other public forums Our websites may provide message boards, blogs and other user generated content facilities. Anything that you share will become public information. You should always be careful when deciding to disclose your personal information. Please see our  Terms and House Rules for more information.  Comment ModerationWe monitor comments for offensive/objectionable content and disruptive behaviour that breach our Terms. Legal basis for these processing activities: Legitimate InterestMetro.co.uk’s use of Spot.Im’s comment product and moderation servicesMetro.co.uk uses a commenting platform and moderation service provided by Spot.Im In order to post a comment on Metro.co.uk, you have to create an account with Spot.Im. Spot.Im will share your registration details back with us and we are the data controller of any comments you submit which we shall process in accordance with our legitimate interests and as necessary to provide you with our services in accordance with our Terms and House Rules. Spot.Im also collects pseudonymous information via cookies in order to provide advertising services where you have consented to such data processing activities via your Cookie Settings.
Spot.Im will process your data in accordance with its Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. Legal basis for these processing activities: Consent, Contract, Legitimate Interest Delivering servicesBy using our websites, apps and other products and services, we may process your information, including your name, phone number and email address, for the purpose of providing you with such products and services and managing our relationship with you, which shall include (without limitation):- carrying out ecommerce activities;- communicating with you in relation to your account or service, service updates or other non-marketing communications;- delivering customer services and support;- contacting you where a checkout journey is not completed if you have provided your information;- dealing with, and responding to you about a comment you have submitted on our message boards or other such user generated content facilities;- ensuring the integrity of votes, competitions and polls;- maintaining records of our communications with you if you get in contact with us; and- responding to press complaints submitted both direct to us and via the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO). Legal basis for these processing activities: Consent, Legitimate Interest, Contract- running competitions effectively and informing you if you have been successful in any competitions or promotions;Legal basis for this processing activity: Contract/Legal ObligationWe may also record phone calls or customer enquiries via online chat for quality, training and management purposes. Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate Interest/Contract  • Direct marketing and browser push notificationsIn accordance with your preferences and data protection legislation, we may use your information, including your name, email address, and phone number,to send you direct marketing communications and to carry out marketing analysis.This may include communications by email, post, telephone, SMS or app notifications about our products and services, events and special offers. This also includes browser push notifications where you have consented to receiving these. We may also send you periodic newsletters to inform you about the any changes to our products and services where we have permission to do so.  In relation to email marketing communications, we may send you such communications when we have your consent, or when you are an existing customer who has previously bought or subscribed to a similar product or service from us. You may opt out of email marketing communications when your personal information is first collected. You may also unsubscribe from receiving email marketing at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each email. If you unsubscribe from email marketing, we shall keep your email address to ensure that we do not send you any marketing in future. Legal basis for processing this data: Consent/Legitimate Interest  Personalisation/identifying your interests/audience segmentation/ ecommerce activities We use your information, including your UID, to provide you with a greater personalised experience when you visit or use one of our sites or apps, and for insight and marketing purposes.We make assumptions and draw inferences about your interests based on the kind of articles and content you click on or read.We may also use demographic information (such as your age, gender and city) to tailor the advertising we arrange to be shown.We use this information to segment our audiences into groups with attributes. This helps us show you more relevant content/adverts and helps are advertisers target more effectively.Please note you have the right to object to profiling for marketing purposes at any time. If you wish to opt-out of having your personal information profiled for personalisation purposes, you can adjust your account settings or contact us directly. Please see section 8 (Your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation) for additional information.Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent/Legitimate Interest  • Cookie Matching / UID Matching Where you have given consent, we check to see if you have a cookie ID or UID when you visit one of our properties. We are then able to compare the cookie ID or UID we have to see if we know who you are. See Section 14 on Cookies for more information. Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent  • Data matching and lookalike audience buildingWe allow partners to reach audiences on our platforms via data matching where they have appropriate permissions. We use your UID to carry out such data matching. This is conducted at an aggregate level or an individual level, depending on how targeted our partners want to reach audiences on our platforms. The data overlap between our audiences and the client is useful to understand if an advertising campaign would be effective.As part of the matching process, we segment audiences based on predefined attributes. These audiences may be similar to our partners’ existing audiences and are therefore called “lookalike audiences”. For example, a female fashion brand may want to reach “women interested in fashion”. This helps them find the right audiences and we are able to show you more relevant advertising. Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent/Legitimate Interest • Tailored advertising  We use advertising to fund some of our websites and apps. Some advertising is 'contextual' meaning it is shown due to the particular webpage you are presently viewing. Other advertising, known as “online behavioural advertising” is shown to you based upon your likely interests, which are inferred from your browsing history. This information is collected through the use of cookies and similar technologies or your UID. For more information on controlling your tailored advertising preferences, please see Section 14 on Cookies below.Sometimes we allow advertisers to show advertisements directly on our website and apps, which are tailored to you based upon information they have obtained, such as your browsing history on their own websites.Other times we shall arrange for our customers to be shown advertisements on our own or other websites or apps. These advertisements are tailored to you with information we have obtained from your browsing on our websites and apps via cookies.Where we arrange for our customers to be shown advertisements, we use technological and contractual mechanisms to protect your cookie data and to ensure that your browsing data used for advertising is not used by advertisers or other website owners for other purposes, such as linking online behavioural advertising data with your contact details, unless you have provided the advertiser or other website with your express permission to do this.When you are shown an advertisement, our advertising systems do not know who you are or your contact details (such as your name, email address or postal address).Demographic information from your registration on our websites and apps (such as your age, gender and city) may also be used, in connection with our legitimate interests to tailor the advertising we arrange to be shown. Your demographic information is not shared with advertisers.We may also target advertising on social media sites to specifically include customers who have registered for our products and services. Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent, legitimate interests  • Location based services and advertisingWhere we provide services that utilise your device's location, such as local weather or news, your location will be determined either from a lookup of your IP address in a 'GeoIP' database which lists information provided by your ISP (usually your closest town or borough).Sometimes we can collect the precise location directly from the device (such as through GPS or Wi-Fi on mobile devices) but only where you have granted permission for us to access this location information via your device settings. We use such information to provide you with a more tailored, relevant experiences when using our websites/apps.Where you have granted permission to access your device's location and consented to us to use your data for advertising purposes, this location information may be used to tailor the advertising you receive, including showing you certain advertisements when you are in the vicinity of a particular location.Legal basis for this processing activity: Consent • Measurement and analytics We may use certain information (such as the websites that you visit and advertisements you see or click on and emails you interact with) to help us, advertisers and other promotional partners measure the effectiveness and distributions of their advertisements and promotions as well as our the effectiveness of our own services and communications. Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate Interests/Consent • Ad Blocker Detection We collect information from your device to detect whether you’re using an ad blocker. This is to determine if we are able to show you advertising. As an advertising funded publisher, we rely on the ability to show you advertising.Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate Interests • Surveys and Market Research We collect information via our online research community for our readers help us better understand our readers and how they engage with the advertising they are shown. We collect this information when you voluntarily contribute to any of surveys, polls or forum discussions we invite you to participate in. We will also use your responses to our surveys, polls or forum discussions to send you targeted advertising, where we have your permission to do so. For more information, please see our separate Matters Community Privacy Policy. Legal basis for processing this data: Consent/Legitimate Interest • Improving our services and products We may use your information to monitor and improve our products, content and services. This may include (without limitation):- developing the design and style of our products and services to make improvements;- carrying out statistical, technical and logistical analysis to inform our strategic development; and- blocking disruptive use and ensuring the security of our products and services.If you have registered on our websites or apps, we may analyse the information we hold on you in aggregate with our other customers to improve our advertising systems.Legal basis for this processing activity: Legitimate Interest  • Disclosures permitted or required by lawYour data will be disclosed where we are obliged to do so by law. We may also disclose your information in order to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of others and for the prevention and detection of crime.Legal basis for these processing activities: Legitimate Interest / Legal obligation • Regulatory compliance We may share your personal data with the Audit Bureau of Circulations Ltd so they can verify aggregated statistics about circulation and usage of our products or review our policies, processes and procedures for compliance with relevant standards. You can view their privacy policy by following this link.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest • Receipt of services from suppliers If we have engaged you or the organisation you represent to provide us with products or services (for example, if you or the organisation you represent provide us with services such as IT support or financial advice), we will collect and process your personal data in order to manage our relationship with you or the organisation you represent, to receive products and services from you or the organisation you represent and, where relevant, to provide our products and services to others.  Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest/Contract    6. If you fail to provide your personal data  Where we are required by law to collect your personal data, or we need to collect your personal data under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that personal data when we request it, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you. This may apply where you do not provide the personal data we need in order to provide the services you have requested from us. In this case, we may have to cancel the provision of the relevant services to you, in which case we will notify you.  7. How we may share your informationSharing with third-party partnersPartners: When you purchase goods or services from us, we partner with specialist companies to fulfil your order and provide certain customer services. This includes vendors on MailShop who you may have bought something from and specialist companies who assist us in obtaining ratings and reviews of product(s) and/or service(s), namely, YouGarden, Clifford James Consultants Limited, KH Direct Ltd, and Aspire Furniture Ltd.We usually remain the data controller of your information and the other companies only process data under our instructions and cannot use the information for their own purposes. If one of our third-party partners acts as data controller of your personal data (whether or not as a data controller in common with us) we shall let you know before you register for the service.  You can access the privacy policy of YouGarden here, Clifford James Consultants Limited here, KH Direct Ltd here, and Aspire Furniture Ltd here.Legal basis for processing this data: Contract Service Providers: We may pass your information to our processors – companies that we use to provide services on our behalf, for example for delivery services and prize fulfilment companies. These processors can only use your information in accordance with our instructions and for no other purpose.Legal basis for processing this data: Contract, Consent, Legitimate Interest Promotions: Sometimes we bring you promotions in association with other companies. If you enter such promotions, the other company will use the information you submit and we provide to them as a data controller in line with their own privacy policies. We'll let you know the precise arrangement at the time you provide your personal information.Legal basis for processing this data: Consent, Legitimate Interest Cobranded Products / affiliate marketing: We regularly partner with industry affiliates to bring you special deals on products and packages you may find of interest. These include travel providers on MailTravel and financial service providers on MailFinance or This Is Money. These providers collect marketing permissions for us and share data back with us about your purchases in order for us to measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.If you decide to book a holiday with an affiliate, use their advisory services or set up an account, or purchase a financial product, these affiliates will be data controllers of the information you have provided them in order to administer your relationship with them and will handle your information in accordance with their own privacy policies.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest Functionality: We may share information about you with suppliers that we engage to help us provide our services and/or functionality of our websites and apps. For example, we share data with Google to prevent certain website functions from being abused. Where this happens your data will be processed in accordance with Google's Privacy Policy.Legal basis for processing this data: Consent, Contract, Legitimate Interests Advertisers: We may provide third party advertisers with reports containing aggregate statistical data about our customers' use of our websites and apps to determine the kinds of people viewing their ads and how they are performing. This aggregated information may include demographic data such as age range and/or geographic location of groups of our customers.This aggregated data does not include contact details (such as names, addresses or email addresses) that can be used to personally identify you or contact you. Legal basis for processing this data: Consent  Online Behavioural Advertising partners:
Third parties collect and use information obtained during your browsing activities in order to deliver tailored advertisements to you. These parties listed in our Cookie
Settings. tool where we provide you with their details and the ability to opt out of their use. We have no control over the use of your information by these third parties once it has been collected from our sites.
We also use third-party partners to help us understand how you use our websites and apps in order to delivered tailored content to you. We shall provide them with your UID, based on a hashed version of your email address so that they can do this. For more information on these partners and their services, and to withdraw your consent for their cookies or to otherwise opt out of their services directly, please visit them at LiveRamp.Legal basis for processing this data: Consent, legitimate interests Marketing personalisation: We may match your data with data held by CACI, to add extra lifestyle and demographic insight information to your account with us which we then use to make our marketing more relevant to you (subject to your communication preferences and our internal policies and procedures). We can only obtain this information where they have your permission to share this information with us in line with their privacy policies. You can opt-out of having your personal information profiled in this way by contacting us, or our joint controllers, or adjusting your account settings. For more information about these activities and the data provided, and to opt out of their programmes directly, please visit them at CACI.Legal basis for processing this data: Consent, Legitimate Interest Facebook insights data: Facebook Ireland Ltd (“Facebook”) provides us with statistics and insights (“Page Insights”) that help us understand the use of our Facebook Fan Pages (e.g. Daily Mail, Daily Mail Celebrities, Daily Mail Australia, Daily Mail Sport, Daily Mail Animals, Daily Mail Videos, etc.). When you visit or interact with one of our Facebook Fan Pages, we will process your personal data as joint controllers with Facebook.Facebook is primarily responsible for the data processing when you visit one of our Fan Pages. However, we use Page Insights and information you provide via your Facebook profile to define our audiences, customise advertisements and create Fan Pages to match the interests of our visitors.For further information from Facebook about:· Page Insights and how to exercise your rights, please see here;· the determination of the responsibilities within this joint controller relationship please see here;· the placement of cookies by Facebook when visiting a Facebook Fan Page, please see here; and· protecting your privacy at Facebook, please see here.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate InterestDanAds self-service advertising platform: DanAds International AB (“DanAds”) provides us with an online self-service real time advertising application platform which allows advertisers to buy ad spaces from us through an automated process. This service enables advertisers to carry out audience targeting, and interactive performance reporting of the ad campaigns.For further information, please visit them at DanAds.Legal basis for processing this data: Consent Social Media Plugins: Some of our websites use social media plugins to help you share content more easily with your friends.
Social Media Plugin  Privacy policy
Facebook Share Button Facebook Messenger Share Button Facebook Like Button
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php Twitter Share ButtonTwitter Follow Button https://twitter.com/en/privacy Pinterest Share ButtonPinterest Follow Button https://policy.pinterest.com/en-gb/privacy-policy Flipboard Share ButtonFlipboard Follow Button https://about.flipboard.com/privacy/ Instagram Follow Button https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875 Snapchat Follow Button https://www.snap.com/en-GB/privacy/privacy-policy  If you do not click on the respective buttons, no personal data will be collected and stored by the social media company.If you are logged onto to your Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Flipboard, Instagram or Snapchat account, certain user data (including your IP address at the time) may be collected and linked to your social media account information by the respective social media company.We receive no personal data from the social media companies about which articles you have clicked or seen on our websites. However, we do receive summarised, aggregated statistical reports on the use of these plugins.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest DMGT Group: Associated Newspapers Ltd. is part of the Daily Mail and General Trust plc Group ('DMGT'). Members of DMGT may, use and share, within that group, the information you provide and other information held about you for the purposes set out in this Policy. For more information about the DMGT group please see the DMGT website and the DMGT Privacy Policy.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest Change of Control: We may transfer, sell or assign any of the information described in this Policy to third parties as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, change of control, transfer of assets or reorganisation of our business.Legal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest  Ipsos Iris Online Audience Measurement Solution: When you visit our website, we may collect certain personal data about you for an online audience measurement project that analyses internet users’ behaviour and profile across different websites, applications and devices in the UK. In order to do this, our website will contain tags which is a script used to gather personal data on a website; this means when visiting the site, we can record the amount of active time spent on each web page by each user and will be reported by type of device.We will also use digital fingerprint technology, also known as "Machine Identification", to gather certain information about your computer, hardware and software, such as: IP address, unique device identifier, display settings of your monitor, type of browser used and type of operating system. This information will be converted into a unique serial number (the digital "fingerprint") and determines if it matches previous fingerprints.Ipsos MORI, a specialist research agency will be carrying out this research, in conjunction with UKOM, the UK Online Measurement company. To carry out this research, Ipsos MORI and their trusted partner, DotMetrics, will need to receive the information gathered about your computer, hardware, software and webpage activity in order to carry out the research and analysis. This information will only be shared with Ipsos MORI and DotMetrics, if we have obtained the relevant consent from you when you initially accessed our website.Please be assured that Ipsos MORI takes its data protection and information security responsibilities seriously and applies various precautions to ensure your personal data is protected from loss, theft or misuse. Your personal data will only be used for research and analysis purposes in line with the Market Research Society Code of Conduct and associated regulations and guidelines. All reporting for this research will be anonymous. Ipsos MORI will only retain your personal data in a way that can identify you for as long as is necessary to support the research project and findings.To contact Ipsos MORI about this specific research, please email compliance@ipsosiris.comLegal basis for processing this data: Legitimate Interest, Consent 8. Details of transfers to third countries and safeguards   Any organisation who has access to your information in the course of providing services on our behalf will be governed by contractual restrictions and/or technical limitations to make sure they protect your information and comply with applicable data protection legislation.  When transferring your personal data outside the United Kingdom (UK) or the European Economic Area (EEA), we will comply with our legal and regulatory obligations in relation to your personal data, including having a lawful basis for transferring personal data and putting appropriate safeguards in place to ensure an adequate level of protection for the personal data. Where these organisations are based outside of the UK or the EEA in a jurisdiction that has not been deemed adequate by the EU Commission, we shall, if appropriate, enter into EU Commission approved model clauses with these organisations to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place. We will take reasonable steps to ensure the security of your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws.  9. Your rights under the UK GDPR and the EU GDPRIn certain circumstances, for example if you are a UK or EEA resident, you may exercise the rights available to you (with some exceptions and restrictions) under the UK or the EU data protection laws as follows: - Access: If you wish to exercise your right to access a free copy of your data, you can contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below at Section 16. - Portability: If you wish to receive personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, or transmit this data directly to another controller, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below. Please note that this right applies only to the information that is processed by automated means, on the basis of consent or performance of a contract.- Deletion: To ask us to delete your personal data, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below. However, there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain certain data.- Rectification: If you wish to update or rectify your data, you can do this directly by accessing your account settings.- Restriction: To request the restriction or suppression of your personal data, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below.- Revoke consent for direct marketing: If you wish to object to the processing of your data for direct marketing, you can opt-out by updating your settings or clicking on the 'unsubscribe' link in any marketing email or newsletter you receive from us. - Opt-out of online behavioural advertising: You are able to control whether we and our partners may use your information for online behavioural advertising related purposes when you visit our websites via our Consent Management Platform that
appears when you first visit our sites, or by going to the Cookie
Settings.
- Objection to automated profiling: If you wish to opt-out of having your personal information profiled for personalisation purposes you can adjusting your account settings or contact us directly.- Objection to legitimate interests: If you wish to object to our processing of your data where we are pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below stating the nature of and reasons for such objection. - Complain: You also have the right to lodge a complaint about us with our supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner's Office in the UK.  Exercising Your Rights   To exercise your rights under the GDPR, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below in Section 16, indicating the type of right you would like to exercise and that you are making the request under the GDPR. In case of requests for deletion, please note there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain certain data (see Section 12 Data retention and account deletion). Alternatively, you can make your request through the technical support option on our Contact Us page.We may seek to verify the identity of the person submitting the request.Where you are making a request via a third party, we need to be satisfied that the third party making the request is entitled to act on your behalf and may ask the third party to provide evidence of this entitlement. If we are satisfied that the third party has the appropriate authority, we will respond directly to that third party. 10. Your rights under the CCPA (for California residents only)This section of the Policy applies solely to visitors, users, and others who are residents of the State of California, describes your California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) rights and explains how you can exercise those rights.   Under the CCPA you have the right to:• be informed about the categories and the specific personal information that we may collect, the purposes for collecting that personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we may disclose that personal information and whether we disclose personal information for business purposes or for commercial purposes that would be considered a “sale” under the CCPA.This information is provided in this Policy;• request to access a copy  of the personal information we have collected about youduring the 12 months preceding the request.Upon receipt of a valid and verifiable request from you, we will disclose to you both the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information, the categories of third parties which whom we share that information. You have a right to receive the above twice per year. If we provide the information electronically, it will be in a in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows you to transmit the information to another entity without hindrance from us. • request that we delete any personal information that we have collected from you unless retention of that information is permitted under applicable law• opt-out of the sale of your personal information  You can opt-out of the sale of your personal information by opening our California Privacy Settings tool and clicking on the “Do Not Sell my Info” button. This will opt-you out of cookie placement and the collection of your data by online advertising service providers.
Exercising Your Rights To exercise your rights under the CCPA, please contact us, or our joint controllers, at the contact details provided below in Section 16, indicating the type of right you would like to exercise and that you are making the request under the CCPA. In case of requests for deletion, please note there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain certain data (see Section 12 Data retention and account deletion).  Alternatively, you can make your request through the technical support option on our Contact Us page.In order to process your deletion and/or access request, we are required by law to collect certain information about you to verify your identity. For example, if you have an account with us, you can use your account information to verify. If, however, we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request additional information from you, which shall only be used for the purposes of verifying your identity under the CCPA, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes.A consumer may use an authorised agent to submit a request on their behalf if the consumer provides the authorised agent written permission signed by the consumer. We may also require that the consumer verify their identity directly with us and confirm that they have provided the authorised agent permission to act on their behalf.We shall not discriminate against you because you have exercised your rights under the CCPA. Explicit Notice We and our advertising partners collect personal information (such as the cookies stored on your browser, the advertising identifier on your mobile device, or the IP address of your device) when you visit our site or use our app. We, and our partners, use this information to tailor and deliver ads to you on our site or app, or to help tailor ads to you when you visit others' sites or use others' apps. To tailor ads that may be more relevant to you, we and/or our partners may share the information we collect with third parties. If you do not wish for us or our partners to use and disclose your personal information to third parties in this manner, which is considered a “sale” under the CCPA select the applicable control from the “Do Not Sell My Info” link provided.Please note that although we shall not sell your personal information after you click that button, we shall continue to share some personal information with our partners (who will function as our service providers in such instance) to help us perform advertising-related business functions such as, but not limited to:- measuring the effectiveness of our ads; - managing how many times you may see an ad;- reporting on the performance of our ads;- ensuring services are working correctly and securely;- providing aggregate statistics and analytics;- improving when and where you may see ads; and/or- reducing ad fraud. If you access this site or app from other devices or browsers, visit the link below from those devices or browsers to ensure your choice applies to the data collected when you use those devices or browsers. If you use different browsers, devices or platforms, you will need to opt out on each browser, device or platform.Additionally, although clicking the “Do Not Sell My Info” link will opt you out of the sale of your personal information for advertising purposes, it will not opt you out of the use of previously collected and sold personal information (except for personal information sold within 90 days prior to your exercising your right to opt out) or all interest-based advertising. If you would like more information about how to opt out of interest-based advertising in desktop and mobile browsers on a particular device, please follow the links here and here. You may download the AppChoices app here to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out.Alternatively, you can make your request through the technical support option on our Contact Us page.   11. Your rights under the LGPD This section describes your rights under the Brazil general data protection law (“LGPD”) and explains how you can exercise those rights.This section of the Policy applies to:· Personal data collected in Brazil;· Personal data processing activities that are carried out in Brazil;· Personal data processing activities whose purpose is to process personal data of individuals in Brazil; and/or· Personal data processing activities whose purpose is to offer or provide goods or services to individuals in Brazil.In certain circumstances, for example if you are a Brazil resident, you may exercise the rights available to you (with some exceptions and restrictions) under the LGPD. Please see Section 9 above for details of the rights of information, access, portability, deletion, correction, revoke consent for direct marketing and opt-out of online behavioural advertising. Also, see Section 9 above for details of how to exercise your rights. Please include in your request that you are making your request under the LGPD. 12. Data retention and account deletion We store your data for no longer than necessary in relation to the purpose under which such data was collected. This is determined on a case by case basis and depends on things such as the nature of the data provided, why it was collected, the legal basis we rely upon to process the data, and our relevant legal or operation retention requirements. For example, if you request to delete your account, we still have to retain some data for fraud prevention purposes and financial auditing.Please note that we evaluate deletion requests against our processing for the purposes of journalism, which includes original content and accompanying comments. When we receive a request to delete your personal data from our organisation, we are prepared to anonymise your comments by removing your email address and alias from your public account profile. In doing so, your comments are disassociated with your public account profile and therefore you are no longer publicly identified as the author of your comments. However, we keep your data because we may receive claims for libel and or/defamation in relation to user comments.Please see our Terms and House Rules for more information.  13. Children & young peopleOur websites, apps and other products and services are not aimed at children. We do not intentionally target, or otherwise process information from individuals who are under the age of 16.We do not create interest segments specifically designed for the purpose of online behavioural advertising to children who are under the age of 16. You must be at least 16 years of age to consent to online behavioural advertising via your Privacy Settings. If you are aged under 16, please ask for permission from your parent or guardian before giving us your information or using our websites or apps.  If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 16, please contact us, or our joint controllers, if you are aware that your child has used our websites or apps or otherwise provided their information to us without your consent. We shall delete or otherwise cease processing your child's personal information within a reasonable time.In accordance with industry best practice guidelines, we may retain your information for a reasonable amount of time to make sure that we do not contact you in the future.  14. Cookies and other identifiersWhen you use our websites and apps, we may collect information using cookies or similar technologies. We may also collect information using your email address. For the purposes of this section, we use the word “cookies” for simplicity. What are cookies and how do they work?Cookies are small files that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Your browser sends these cookies back to the website every time you visit the site again, so it can recognise you. This allows websites to tailor what you see on the screen.Do you use other technologies which are similar to cookies?Yes, we use the following:Web beacons: Our websites, apps and emails often contain small invisible images known as "web beacons" or "tracking pixels". These are used in a way similar to_cookies to:- understand when a particular part of a webpage, email or app is viewed, - understand how successful an article or an email marketing campaign has been; and verify any clicks through to links or advertisements contained in emails- verify any clicks through to links or advertisements contained in emails Flash cookies: In certain situation we use Adobe Flash Player to deliver video clips. Local Shared Objects (Flash cookies) are used to provide functions such as remembering your settings and preferences. Tracking URLs: These are web links that allows us to measure when a link is clicked on. They help us measure the effectiveness of campaigns and advertising and the popularity of articles that are read.Device identifiers: We use device identifiers on mobile devices in the same way as cookies are used on web browsers. A device identifier is a unique number on your device which allow us to remember your device. We use these similar technologies on websites, emails and apps, for the same purposes and in much the same way as we use cookies on websites. We shall use “cookies” and “websites” below as shorthand for “cookies and similar technologies” on “websites, emails and in apps”. What do you use cookies for?Cookies and other online tracking technologies are an important part of the internet. They make using websites much smoother and affect lots of the useful features of websites.There are many different uses for cookies, but for within our sites, they fall into the following groups:Cookies that are needed to provide the service you have asked for (Essential / Strictly Necessary ) Some cookies are essential so you can move around our websites and use their features. Without the use of these cookies parts of our websites would not function. For example: - your username and keeping you logged in during your visit – without cookies you might have to log in on every page you go to; and- when you add something to the online shopping basket, cookies make sure it is still there when you get to the checkout;.Cookies that collect information about your choices and preferences (Functional / Preference) These cookies collect information about your choices and preferences, and allow us to remember things like:  - Remembering a location you've provided us with so we can show you relevant content to where you are and to provide local weather forecasts; - If you have filled in a survey, so you're not asked to do it again;- showing “related article” links that are relevant to the page you are looking at.Cookies used to understand how people use our products and services (Analytics)  We use analytics cookies to gather information about what pages, links and sections of our apps are popular and which ones don't get used so much to help us keep our sites relevant and up to date. They are also useful to be able to identify trends of how people navigate our sites so we can identify improvements to make to the customer journeyWe may combine information collected by analytics cookies with other information that you provide to us. For instance, if you have registered for an account with us, we may combine your contact details other information you provide us with the browsing history from your device collected by analytics cookies (including data collected from before you registered and when you are signed-out).We may also use this combined information to improve our products and services. For instance, we may analyse this information in aggregate to improve our advertising systems. Our properties may also feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow you to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings. To learn more about the information that Nielsen software may collect and your choices with regard to it, please see the Nielsen Digital Measurement Privacy Policy.  Cookies used to show advertising that is relevant to you (Tracking and Advertising) Some advertising, known as “online behavioural advertising” is tailored to you and uses information collected by first party and third-party cookies based your web browsing activity.Cookies are placed on your browser to remember the websites you have visited. Also, when you log into your account, we can recognise your UID. Advertising based on what you have been looking at is then displayed to you when you visit websites who use the same advertising networks.To help us deliver relevant advertising using cookies, we use Google Marketing Platform. Click here to find out more about Google Marketing Platform.We also use these cookies in order to:know how many advertisements we serve, how many times these are clicked or hovered over with a mouse cursor, how many advertisements we show to a given user and how many customer actions these generate; understand which customers reach a sale or other action page on an advertiser's site. This allows us to monitor how many sales or actions we achieve for an advertising client, and therefore, how effective our advertising is; and  protect our advertisers' brands, we often use a technology that scans the page to ascertain that it is safe from profane, sensitive & potentially brand-negative topics, before serving an ad there. This process is called 'ad verification'. Ad-blockers: We and our advertisers may use information from within our webpages to determine whether you have an ad-blocker enabled. This information may be stored or associated with your device (including through the use of cookies) to re-insert advertisements on our websites and to understand how our customers use ad-blockers. The advertisements that are re-inserted may include those from ad-blockers' 'white lists' or that promote our own products and services. We reserve the right to restrict your access to some or all of our website while you have an ad blocker turned on.  Do Not Track: Our websites do not respond to“Do Not Track”(DNT) browser settings.Managing Cookies:  You can change your cookie settings on this website at any time via your Cookie Settings.
Please note that this consent tool is not supported on certain versions of Internet Explorer. Please change your browser in order to exercise your rights under the GDPR.  Cookies can also be controlled using the following instructions:Mobile Devices: When using a mobile device, you can opt-out of receiving online behavioural advertising by selecting 'Limit Ad Tracking' in the Settings of your Apple iPhone or iPad, or the 'Opt out of interest-based ads' in the Settings on your Android device. You may also be able to reset your unique identifier used for online behavioural advertising (referred to as an 'Advertising ID') in the Settings on your Apple or Android device.Online Behavioural Advertising cookies: If you are primarily concerned about third party cookies generated by advertisers, you can turn these off by going to Your Online Choices.  Web-Beacons: You can usually prevent the operation of web-beacons by changing your web-browser cookie settings and your ad choices, or for those in emails, by switching off images in your email client or viewing emails using only the 'text' display (rather than 'HTML' display'). See the 'Help' section of your email client for instructions. Please see the All About Cookies website for further information about managing your options.Flash Cookies: You can manage the use of Flash technologies with the Flash management tools available at Adobe's website. You can also visit the trade body representing these advertising platforms where you can control your third-party online advertising preferences by going to the Network Advertising Initiative.Browsers: The links below take you to the help sections for each of the major browsers that will tell you how you can manage your cookies:- Firefox- Internet explorer- Microsoft Edge - Chrome- Safari OS X- Safari iOS- Android- Blackberry- Windows phonePlease note that our website, apps and other products and services may not work correctly (or at all) if you change certain preferences. For example, you may not be able to purchase products via our websites. However, you may still be able to place an order via our telephone order line.Where you use our apps, similar technologies to cookies are used for analytics. It is not presently possible to opt-out of these similar technologies. If you are not happy to be included in our analysis, please do not use our apps.Please also note that after applying these settings, you will continue to receive advertising, however, it may not be tailored to your likely interests using information collected from cookies and similar technologies on your device.   15. Updates to this Policy We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy. Where changes are made, we will post the revised Policy here with an updated effective date. Please check regularly for any changes to this Policy. 16. How to contact us: If you have any queries or comments about this Policy or wish to exercise any of your rights under the UK GDPR, the EU GDPR or the CCPA, please contact us by email at: dataprotection@dmgmedia.co.uk Alternatively, you can write to us at:Legal Department – Data Protection & PrivacyAssociated Newspapers LimitedNorthcliffe House2 Derry StreetLondon, W8 5TT U.K. Alternatively, you can also write to us at:Associated Newspapers (Ireland) Limited3rd Floor, Embassy HouseHerbert Park LaneBallsbridgeDublin 4Republic of IrelandD04 H6Y0You can also contact our Data Protection Officer at:   DPO@dmgmedia.co.uk  You may also get in touch with us through the technical support option on our Contact Us page . If you would like to contact one of our offices, news desks, customer services or communications team, please click here.
Share or comment on this article:
Privacy & Cookies Policy (the 'Policy')
e-mail
Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Bing
Site
Web
Enter search term:
Search
Follow
Daily Mail
Follow
Daily Mail
Follow
@DailyMail
Follow
Daily Mail
Follow
@MailOnline
Follow
Daily Mail
DON'T MISS
Redemption of the superhero sinner: A touching documentary on Val Kilmer's life is electrifying Cannes, writes ALISON BOSHOFF
Has Abbey Clancy revealed Coleen Rooney's private Instagram account? Model appears to re-share snap from pal's secret account
'We didn't bring him home because he was better': Kate Garraway reveals husband Derek Draper still faces 'huge challenges' following Covid battle
Love Island: Seething Kaz brands Chloe a 'SNAKE' while Faye screams at her as she makes her move on Toby - before the pair share a secret KISS
Police in Australia investigate Natalie Portman and Sacha Baron Cohen over claims they broke Sydney's lockdown rules by going on a boat trip
Fred Sirieix reveals how he's sharing the love (and the wine!) after lockdown with his dinner party plans inspired by Britain's small businesses
Ad Feature
Bella Hadid enjoys romantic dinner with her new man Marc Kalman as they are seen on their first public outing as a couple
Sharon Stone, 63, is pictured getting cosy with her rumored new rapper love interest RMR, 25, at Hollywood hotspot
'It was my first Big O' Tiffany Haddish reveals she had her first orgasm to Nicolas Cage during his 1997 movie Face/Off
'I feel fitter now than I did twenty years ago!' How turmeric has transformed the lives of four activity loving people
Ad Feature
Ryan Giggs, 47, leads ab-flashing girlfriend Zara Charles, 33, through Manchester airport... as staff reprimand her for not wearing a face mask
Jennifer Lopez flashes her flat abs in a crop top during stop by her office... amid reports she and Ben Affleck are set to move in together 'very soon'
Victoria's Secret beauty Joy Corrigan turns up the heat as she puts her phenomenal figure on display in TWO different bikinis in Miami Swim Week
Billie Eilish dances in the street and dodges traffic while directing herself in the new music video for NDA off her upcoming album Happier Than Ever
Swept off her feet! Sacha Baron Cohen lifts his diminutive wife Isla Fisher up into his arms as he hugs her following a surf session in Sydney
Jodie Turner-Smith dons a sweeping yellow and white feathered gown while Izabel Goulart shows off her figure in a barely-there semi-sheer top
Larsa Pippen turns heads in coat over underwear and bra while Karrueche Tran looks radiant in a hot pink set at PrettyLittleThing event
Goldie Hawn, 75, and Kurt Russell, 70, bring back Overboard memories as they go boating again during sun-drenched holiday to the South Of France
Following in Travis' footsteps? Kourtney Kardashian shows off matching (temporary) rose tattoos with birthday girl Penelope, nine
Amelia Gray Hamlin takes the plunge in a black halter top and green trousers as she poses with sister Delilah at the JBL True Summer concert event
Kristen Bell joins upcoming wedding comedy also starring Allison Janney and Ben Platt
Maya Jama shows off curves in maroon PVC body as she hosts final Crouchy's Year-Late Euros show after confirming romance with Ben Simmons
Serena Williams, 39, twins with daughter Olympia, 3, in pink sweatsuits as the youngster's reads: 'I got it from my mama'
Kaia Gerber serves 70s nostalgia in a zip-up denim jumpsuit to grab dinner with friends in West Hollywood
Ten top tips for growing and protecting your wealth that you might not have thought of before
Ad Feature
Britney Spears tells haters to 'go ahead and kiss my a**' and INSISTS her recent Instagram portrait is actually her despite missing neck tattoo t
Black Widow actress playing the younger version of Scarlett Johansson's title character is actually Milla Jovovich's 13-year-old daughter
Billy Dee Williams a dapper legend as he enjoys outdoor meal at West Hollywood eatery Fred Segal
Lizzo shows off new pink pixie cut as she dons T-Shirt dress with her face on it while dancing on Santa Monica Pier at JBL True Summer event
Jersey Shore: Family Vacation: Angelina Pivarnick accuses Jenni 'JWoww' Farley of trying to ruin her marriage to Chris Larangeira
Devon Windsor shows off baby bump in tight green dress as she she signs blown-up copy of her magazine cover at Ocean Drive party
Countdown's Susie Dent, 56, splits from her husband of almost 20 years as Dictionary Corner star 'tries to make the best of heartbreaking situation'
Tyson Fury 'tests positive for COVID-19 amid outbreak in his camp and Deontay Wilder bout in Las Vegas is postponed'
Michael B. Jordan lovingly bites girlfriend Lori Harvey on chin as she shows off stunning bikini body on luxury vacation
Kanye West is HELPING Kim Kardashian with her makeup rebrand ahead of new launch
Bill Cosby's comeback on the LONDON stage: Freed US comic plans 'vintage storytelling' show after sex attack conviction was quashed
Selling Sunset's Heather Rae Young looks ready for business while filming scenes for the series with co-star Maya Vander
Nina Agdal looks boho chic in a plunging baby doll dress while Molly Sims stuns in a floral frock at Rachel Zoe's Curateur event in East Hampton
'Slavery was abolished so long ago!' Madonna promises to get Britney Spears 'out of jail' as she voices support for pop star amid conservatorship battle
Evil renewed for Season 3 on Paramount Plus just weeks after the second season's debut
Sloggi's Microfibre Tai Briefs are the perfect everyday pants according to shoppers - and you can pick up a pack of three for just £12 on Amazon
Promoted
Heather Morris' tribute to co-star Naya: The actress gets a tattoo of one of Rivera's final tweets on the one year anniversary of her tragic passing
Meet Love Island's BRAND NEW hunk Teddy Soares! Handsome financial consultant set to ruffle feathers in the villa
Liev Schreiber is a silver fox while Jon Voight brings back Midnight Cowboy vibes in straw hat as they film Ray Donovan movie in South Boston
Grace Gummer and Joshua Jackson are joined by co-star Christian Slater on the red carpet at Peacock's Dr. Death world premiere
Catherine Zeta-Jones, 51, packs on the PDA with Michael Douglas, 76, before flashing some leg in her dressing gown as she shares cheeky snaps
'Hello Mykonos... let's do this!' Nicole Scherzinger returns to the sun-drenched Greek isle as she strikes a pose in a two-piece by her private pool
'My crush with him is O-V-E-R' Chelsea Handler reveals how her feelings for NY governor Andrew Cuomo fizzled after sexual harassment allegations emerged
American Pickers co-host Mike Wolfe's wife Jodi files for divorce from the reality star after almost ten years of marriage
Million Dollar Listing New York: Fredrik Eklund shocks Derek Kaplan with family expansion discussion
Bea's blooming! Pregnant Princess Beatrice dresses her bump in a £340 Self Portrait frock as she joins husband Edo at Wimbledon
This clever hair product is a summer must-have for taming static, flyaways AND unruly brows - and it already racked up a 10,000-person waiting list
Promoted
Million Dollar Listing's Ryan Serhant gives grand tour of his newly renovated 8,000-square-foot house boasting SIX stories and an in-home elevator
Ex-Love Islanders Georgia Steel, Francesca Allen, Elma Pazar and Joanna Chimonides glam up for girls' night out in Mayfair
Avril Lavigne shows rocker side in vintage Slayer T-shirt during coffee run with Mod Sun in Malibu
Instagram official! Bella Hadid kisses new boyfriend Marc Kalman before sharing braless selfies amid downtime in Cannes
Florence Pugh's boyfriend Zach Braff, 46, commissions a portrait of the actress, 25, as her Black Widow character in honour of the film's release
Izabel Goulart dazzles in a black glitzy backless top and feathered trousers as she takes to the red carpet at the Stillwater screening in Cannes
Tilda Swinton, 60, and her daughter Honor, 23, ooze elegance as they attend The Souvenir Part II premiere at Cannes Film Festival
Dua Lipa launches her acting career! Singer set to star in in Matthew Vaughn's new spy thriller Argylle
Emmerdale SPOILER: Villainous Meena pushes Leanna off a BRIDGE after a violent tussle... and leaves her DEAD in the river below
Anne-Boleyn star Jodie Turner-Smith turns heads in an ombré yellow feathered gown as she steals the show on day three of Cannes Film Festival
Demi Jones puts on a leggy display in a yellow mini dress as she joins Love Island alum Harley Brash and Cally Jane Beech at a fashion event
Kim Kardashian is granted FIVE-YEAR restraining order from man who sent her a diamond engagement ring and morning-after pills
Love Island EXCLUSIVE: Jake Cornish looks completely different in tattoo-free throwback snaps after being voted 'the next Joey Essex'
Linda Lusardi slams government for 'premature' lifting of pandemic restrictions after being hospitalised with coronavirus
Love Island's Eva Zapico looks smitten with boyfriend Nas Majeed as they head for dinner at Tower Suites
ADRIAN THRILLS: Bono's boy is a chip off the old rocker
Cannes gets off to a wacky start: BRIAN VINER reviews Annette at the famous film festival
Jane Birkin, 74, and daughter Charlotte Gainsbourg, 49, show their striking resemblance at photocall for actress' film about her mother
Sophie Turner looks casually chic in sweatpants and a utility jacket as she joins stylish husband Joe Jonas and pals for lunch in Paris
'It's okay to say no': Heidi Klum reveals tip she gave daughter Leni, 17, on joining family business and becoming a model
Love Island evictee Shannon Singh puts on a busty display in figure-hugging brown dress as she attends Cabaret All Stars show
Billie Piper puts on a VERY animated display watching the women's semi-finals in a short suit as she leads the stars attending day 10 of Wimbledon
Chick Vennera dead at 74: The Golden Girls and Thank God It's Friday actor passes away at home in Los Angeles after a long battle with cancer
Strictly's Motsi Mabuse wows in an eye-catching mini dress as she attends a make-up launch in Berlin
BAZ BAMIGBOYE: The Serpent swaps murder for drug gangs
NHS worker says she was in the original Spice Girls lineup before being swapped out for Victoria Beckham
Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent looks lovely in a mint dress as she joins boyfriend Kean Bryan for date night
EDEN CONFIDENTIAL: Madly star Juliet Stevenson is to wed her boyfriend of 30 years
Shonda Rhimes extends her massive deal with Netflix to include feature films along with gaming and VR content plus live events
Kaia Gerber shares a bath with another woman after unleashing her killer instincts while making her acting debut on American Horror Stories
CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV: A lick of Elephant's Breath on your walls? Laurence is not impressed!
Hofit Golan slips into skimpy black sleepwear as she attends pyjama party after wowing in a dramatic gown at Cannes Film Festival
Justin Chambers to play Godfather-era Marlon Brando for Paramount+'s The Offer... as he makes his return to acting after leaving Grey's Anatomy
Camila Cabello showcases curves in a crop top and leggings on hike... after celebrating second anniversary with Shawn Mendes
Bella Hadid gives a glimpse of her VERY glamorous commute from Cannes to Paris on a private jet as she splits time between film festival and fashion week
Owen Wilson says he 'loves' Richard E. Grant after goofing around with him on the Atlanta set of Loki
'Just a class act, a class act in every way': Hugh Jackman pays tribute to 'sensational' Aussie tennis star Ash Barty as she earns a spot in the Wimbledon final
Katie Holmes wows as she flashes her abs in bright pink top during solo stroll in NYC... after calling it quits with Emilio Vitolo Jr.
Khloe Kardashian looks unrecognizable as she poses with niece Penelope... with fans accusing her of 'photoshopping' herself
Helen Mirren, 75, exudes elegance in a crisp white suit as she leaves her hotel following an evening at Cannes Film Festival
Hilaria Baldwin refers to herself as 'multi cultured' as she reflects on 'painful' Spanish heritage scandal
Kristin Bell and Kirby Howell-Baptiste run a multimillion dollar COUPON scamming ring in the new trailer for the movie Queenpins
Kate Spencer flashes her dazzling ring after announcing engagement
as she leaves the Coronation Street set hours after the Queen's visit
Too Hot to Handle's Nicole O'Brien puts on a leggy display as she joins season 2 stars Tabitha Clifft and Christina Carmela for dinner
Mysterious Girl is back! Peter Andre to release reggae follow-up to his nineties mega-hit as part of his first album in six years
Love Island's Chris Taylor gets a big hug from Shaughna Phillips - as his ex Maura Higgins goes Instagram official with new beau Giovanni Pernice
'We're having a summer of love!' Gemma Collins, 40, CONFIRMS she's reunited with ex Rami Hawash, 45, and they're already trying for a baby
Joe Exotic's estranged husband Dillon Passage reveals new relationship with boyfriend named John: He 'has been my rock'
Basic Instinct director Paul Verhoeven denies 'tricking' Sharon Stone into THAT leg-crossing scene: 'She knew exactly what we were doing'
Lindsay Lohan, 35, shares a video from her
days as a child model when she wore a swimsuit on Live With Regis And Kathie Lee at the age of eight
Julia Stiles remembers the 'funny, weird moment' when a limo picked her up straight from her college dorm to go to the MTV Movie Awards
Love Island's Molly Mae Hague models sexy plunging corset top and green bandeau for her latest collaboration with PrettyLittleThing
Anna Wintour's daughter Bee Shaffer, 33, is PREGNANT with her first child - the Vogue editor's third grandchild
Mick Jagger BROKE quarantine rules to watch England's Euro clash at Wembley just 24 hours after flying in from France and may face a £10,000 fine (but he probably thinks it's worth it)
NBA star James Harden is stopped and frisked by police in Paris... as his rapper friend Lil Baby is seen being placed in handcuffs
Michelle Heaton puts on a glamorous display in grey outfit after getting a fresh new hairdo at salon in London
Kelly Brook shows off her incredible frame as she sizzles in a leopard print bikini while enjoying a day at the beach in Mallorca
'Leave my broke-a** alone': Jamie Lynn Spears begs for peace from social media trolls after it was revealed she's NOT on sister Britney Spears' payroll
Gossip Girl's reboot series premieres with a shocking reveal as the identity of the show's mysterious blogger is shared
Tamara Ecclestone shares another snap of her breastfeeding her baby daughter while wearing a purple swimsuit on a beach in the Bahamas
Khloe Kardashian puts on a busty display at the gym... after ex Tristan Thompson left a flirty comment on one of her Instagram posts
Pregnant Pixie Geldof displays baby bump in a floral dress and denim shirt as she steps out in Mayfair with her husband George Barnett
Kylie Jenner uses a waist trainer to 'get back into these abs' in workout video ... after revealing her sweet nickname for daughter Stormi
Amy Schumer sports a white jumpsuit and green wellies while filming Life & Beth with Michael Cera in Upstate New York
Love Island SPOILER: 'A new boy is set to arrive in the villa TONIGHT' as the girls throw the men in jail during raunchy 'Line of Booty' challenge
Black Panther lives! Catch Chadwick Boseman's final acting performance in Marvel animated series What If...?
Kate Hudson sips vodka cocktails and dines on pizza with partner Danny Fujikawa in Greece... as she takes a break from filming Knives Out 2
Michael Douglas and Catherine Zeta-Jones list extraordinary New York apartment with Central Park views for $21.5million
Kourtney Kardashian's daughter Penelope rocks out after the star's beau Travis Barker gives the child a custom drum set for her ninth birthday
Julianne Hough displays her washboard abs in funky crop top and flares as she frolics on a yacht on the Amalfi Coast
Heather Dubrow announces she is BACK filming The Real Housewives Of Orange County... five years after departing the hit series
Sarah Jessica Parker reveals the title of the first episode of her Sex And The City revival And Just Like That... as she packs essential supplies for on set
Erika Jayne, 49, denies accusations divorce from Tom Girardi, 82, is a 'sham to hide assets' as split plays out on Real Housewives of Beverly Hills
JoJo Siwa and girlfriend Kylie Prew feed each other beignets on oh so sweet PDA-packed Disneyland date
Bethenny Frankel dons plunging swimsuit and kisses fiancé Paul Bernon during Italian getaway
Dwyane Wade gets emotional while paying his respects to the victims of the Surfside condo collapse... as the former Miami Heat star writes touching note at memorial site
Sebastian Stan shows off his 'tattooed' torso and underwear as he and co-star Seth Rogen step out onto the set of Pam & Tommy
Queen of the cobbles! Monarch is radiant in blue on a tour of the Coronation Street set in Manchester - and chats to stars who were ALL there on her last visit in 1982
Ciara nails summer style in a pink dress as she explores Capril with husband Russell Wilson to celebrate their five year anniversary
Netflix rolls out release date for Red Notice ... its most expensive film EVER with an eye-popping budget of '$200MILLION'
No one would blink twice if Clooney was dating someone 4 years younger!; Megan Fox, 35, calls judgment about age difference with
Machine Gun Kelly 'ridiculous'
Marion Cotillard looks chic in a floral summer dress and mules as she attends day three of Cannes Film Festival
Rita Ora put herself at risk of losing £6.5 MILLION after failing to file paperwork for two of her companies
Bachelorette star Clare Crawley steps out with Dale Moss after revealing she's having her breast implants removed
'If you complained about Alex Scott, you got what you deserved!' Question of Sport fans slam 'horrendous' decision to make Paddy McGuiness new host
'She shadows me all the time!': Scarlett Johansson talks about her daughter Rose, six, but does not address new pregnancy rumours while on chat show
'The song that changed everything': Victoria Beckham leads the Spice Girls in marking the 25th anniversary of their classic hit Wannabe
Rumer Willis showcases her toned form in retro-style green bikini during vacation in Greece... after rocking racy brown string two-piece
Jess Wright catches the eye as she goes braless beneath a bright pink co-ord as she joins her mum and sister at a wellness launch
Beyonce is chic in a white blouse and colorful slacks as she lands in NYC via helicopter for Italian lunch with husband Jay-Z
Izabel Goulart leaves little to the imagination in vivid green hot pants and matching cardigan as she steps out at Cannes Film Festival
'Little miss Freda Simone': Charlotte Church reveals her baby daughter's name for the FIRST TIME and admits she's still having many 'sleepless nights'
Chrissy Teigen strikes a pose in vibrant striped robe while on family holiday in Italy amid cyberbullying scandal
Olivia Palermo models a maxi dress in NYC that covers her stunning figure... after launching her makeup line that is for both 'guys and girls'
Sharon Stone, 63, reveals she has watermelon for breakfast and enjoys 'Dead Sea salt baths' to look great... amid claims she's dating RMR
Strong is beautiful! Team GB synchronised swimmers pose underwater in lingerie to hit back at critics who mock their physiques
Piers Morgan and his sons meet up with his former GMB co-host Susanna Reid
as they watch England make history in Euro 2020 semi-finals
Josh Duggar's cousin Amy King censors photo of her toddler son warning parents about predators... amid his child pornography charges
Marrying Millions star Bill Hutchinson, 63, arrested for 'sexually assaulting 17-year-old girl' in Texas
Holly Willoughby left red-faced as Gino D'Acampo proposes she and Phillip Schofield host This Morning NAKED if England lose Euro 2020
Naomi Osaka reveals Meghan Markle gave her support after she quit French Open and says sports stars need 'sick days' so they can skip press conferences
'I like little and often or big and often': Loose Women's Denise Welch, 63, makes candid admission about her sex life and
doesn't like 'moving around'
Sweet Home Alabama star Josh Lucas says he would 'love' to do a sequel... just try getting Reese Witherspoon involved: 'She's a mogul'
The Happy Prince! Beaming Charles looks dapper in a cream suit as he marks the centenary of the Church in Wales at St Davids Cathedral
Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen is ordered by council to paint his new annex in 'ultra-neutral' Dulux Flake Grey to meet planning regulations
X Factor contestant, 28, whose off-key vocals prompted judges including Britney Spears to walk out during his audition in 2012 is shot dead
Rob Beckett parties with Jack Whitehall and Declan Donnelly as he documents his glee at England's Euro win... but boozy antics cause him to MISS school run
Off to the races! Princess Anne dons a vibrant brocade coat and cobalt blue fascinator as she attends Ladies Day at Newmarket
Jodie Turner-Smith turns heads in a chevron-print pleated dress complete with a WHIP as she attends the After Yang photocall at Cannes Film Festival
Matt Damon cuts a casual figure in a navy blue T-shirt as he steps out at Cannes Film Festival ahead of the release of his new film Stillwater
PICTURED: Christina Haack is seen for the first time with her new beau Joshua Hall at LAX... after ex Ant Anstead kisses Renee Zellweger
'They are spending almost every night together': Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck plan on 'moving in together' amid rekindled romance
Pared-down but still plenty of pomp! Princess Anne hands out gongs to presenter June Sarpong as she hosts investitures at St James' Palace
Paddy McGuinness, 47, is to replace Sue Barker, 65, on A Question of Sport and says it's 'an honour and opportunity I'm certainly not taking lightly'
Adele goes WILD over Harry Kane's extra time penalty while Robbie Williams and Dua Lipa rejoice over England's win as they head to Euro 2020 final
Tristan Thompson leaves flirty comment on Khloe Kardashian's beach photo... one month after on/off couple split due to his infidelity
Dominic West pulls some animated expressions as he suits up to make a solo arrival at Wimbledon day 10
'It was traumatic, but I'm relieved they are OK': Tamzin Outhwaite opens up about saving three children 'who she didn't know' from drowning
Naya Rivera's mother says grief over Glee star's death gets so 'heavy' that her family is 'afraid for themselves' and reveals they're in therapy to deal with the traumA
'It's almost home': Coleen and Wayne Rooney share heartwarming family snap with their children at Wembley Stadium as they celebrate England's win
Minimalist Queen! Letizia of Spain looks chic in all-white - and matching face mask - as she joins husband King Felipe IV at Madrid art fair
Nicola Peltz shares sweet snap of her fiancé Brooklyn Beckham as they head to their first wedding meeting ahead of lavish nuptials
Zoe Saldana cuts an elegant figure in a gold slip dress as she heads out for dinner with husband Marco Perego in Portofino
Keeping Up With The Kardashians vet Jonathan Cheban takes meetings in Los Angeles... after he said Kim was NOT dating post Kanye West split
Little prince charming! One-year-old Charles of Luxembourg delights staff and residents as he joins his parents on an official visit to local care homes
Madonna shares video from impersonator who mimics her in cropped black wig while drinking wine and puffing on a cigarette to promote Madame X Tour film
Dylan Sprouse and his model girlfriend Barbara Palvin opt for matching metallic ensembles as they attend a haircare event
Helen Mirren, 75, looks typically chic in navy and white patterned dress at Chopard bash during the Cannes Film Festival
Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise's daughter Bella, 28, shares a rare selfie as she tunes into England's nail-biting Euro 2020 semi-final
John Terry's wife Toni, 40, displays her sensational figure in a paisley bikini on holiday while her husband stays in England to watch the Euros
Priyanka Chopra puts on a leggy display in a grey dress as she heads out for dinner with friends in Notting Hill
Bachelorette stars Clare Crawley and Dale Moss spark marriage rumours as they're seen in matching wedding rings - after rekindling their romance
Minnie Driver, 51, shows off her youthful figure in a plunging red swimsuit as she cools off with a dip in the sea in Malibu
Are female football commentators a 'breath of fresh air' or a 'PC token gesture'? Woman's Hour heaps praise on Emma Hayes - but viewers say they'll 'watch game on mute'
ADVERTORIAL FEATURES
WIN a living room makeover with DFS
You'll be in with a chance of winning £5,000 to spend on your dream living space. ENTER NOW >
Holiday in the luxury of your own staycation lodge
Find out more >
Key equity release
Boost your retirement finances
Find out how >
NEW ARTICLESHomeTop
Share
Back to top
Home
News
U.S.
Sport
TV&Showbiz
Australia
Femail
Health
Science
Money
Food
Travel
Best Buys
Discounts
Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page
Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money
Metro
Newzit
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
dmg media
Contact us
How to complain
Leadership Team
Advertise with us
Contributors
Terms
Do not sell my info
Privacy policy & cookies