Shower Riser Rails & Kits  Toilet Roll Holders & Storage  Double Panel Plus Type 21  Pipe Insulation & Cylinder Jackets  Cut to Length Armoured Cable  Extension Leads & Cable Reels  TV Aerials, Data & Telecoms  TV & Data Modular Range  Hook Up Units & Mounts  Tarpaulin Sheeting & Waste Bags  Water Pump & Adjustable Wrenches  Pull Handles, Plates & Signs  Door Seals & Draught Excluders  Sinks & Waste Disposal Units  Louvre Panel Racks & Bins  Fence Posts & Gravel Boards  Axes, Mauls & Log Splitting  Water Timers, Sprinklers & Sprayers  Summer Houses & Log Cabins  Brush Cleaners & Paint Thinners  Tap Tails & Tap Glands  Jack Hammers, Concrete Breakers & Demolition  Power Tool Batteries & Chargers  Speciality Drill Bits & Chucks  Frame Fixings & Hammer Fixings  Women's Sweatshirts, Fleeces & Jackets  Tool Belts, Pouches & Accessories  Free delivery When you spend £25  Trade Credit Terms Carrier bags Promo Terms and Conditions WEEE Cookies Privacy Terms of Business  We, Toolstation Limited, are committed to protecting your privacy and we keep to the data-protection laws that apply in the United Kingdom. This privacy policy, together with our cookies policy, explains how we use any information we collect about you and forms part of our terms of business.  This privacy policy applies to personal information about:  customers who purchase goods or services or create an account with us; and  Personal information is any information relating a person who can be identified directly or indirectly, often by name, account number, location, an online identifier or other factors which are specific to their identity.  Personal information may include ‘special category data’ relating to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, membership of a trade union, physical or mental health, and criminal records and allegations.  As a rule, we do not collect special category data about visitors to our website or our customers or suppliers unless we identify suspected criminal activity such as  fraudulent claims or the use of stolen payment card details. In this case, we will record details of the suspected criminal activity and may take appropriate action, including refusing to accept orders, make payments or give refunds. We may also report the incident to the relevant bank or payment card issuer or to the police or other appropriate authorities.  See below for details of how we may use your personal information.  The personal information we collect about you, and how we use it  You can visit and browse our website without providing your name or contact details.  Like many websites, our server logs details of your operating system, browser software, IP (Internet Protocol) address and URL (Uniform Resource Locator) requested, including the date and time of your visit.  We use cookies to analyse how visitors use our site, and to provide some of the functions of the website – see our cookies policy for more information.  You may choose to provide your contact details (for example. your name, address, business, job title, email address, phone number and location) if you:  sign up to a mailing list;  submit a query or ask for a quote or other information;  ask us to contact you;  create an account or log in to a secure area; or  enter a competition or promotional feature  The personal information we collect about you and how we use it  If you buy products or services from us, we may use your personal information to:  contact you to ask for your views on our products and services;  keep you informed about the products and services we offer;  process your order and to follow up on orders that are not completed;  arrange visits to your home (for example, to carry out a survey or install a product or equipment);  manage your account, including carrying out identity checks where relevant;  manage your credit account (if this applies) including carrying out credit checks;  use your trade category and purchase history to manage our prices and offers;  carry out market research and analyse statistics;  track activity on our site and to provide a more personalised online experience;  link with social media sites and services, for example, for advertising purposes;  tell you about important changes or developments to our site or services;  manage deliveries, returns and refunds;  manage any issues relating to a fault or damage caused by a product;  deal with enquiries and complaints;  manage claims and for insurance purposes;  help with general record keeping; and  publish trends (for example, to show that an increasing number of people are looking at our website from a mobile device, or that people may tend to visit the website early in the day, before returning later to complete their order) and to improve the usefulness and content of our website. Where possible we will remove any details that could identify you before we use information for this purpose.  The personal information we collect about you, and how we use it  If you supply products or services to us, we may use your personal information to:  manage deliveries, installations, returns and refunds;  manage any issues relating to a fault or damage caused by a product;  manage your account, including carrying out credit and other background checks if this applies;  tell you about important changes or developments to our website or services;  deal with enquiries and complaints;  manage claims and for insurance purposes; and  If you are a supplier and you have any questions about how we use your personal information, please contact the Commercial Team or your usual business contact.  How your information is accessed within the Travis Perkins Group  Toolstation is part of the Travis Perkins Group. We may share your information with other relevant members of the Group for administrative and analytical purposes. You will not receive marketing from other group companies unless you have agreed to that.  Marketing communications and keeping you informed  If you have ever bought, or enquired about, our products or services and if you agree, we may use the information we collect to let you know about other products and services you may be interested in. We may also use this information to keep you up to date about promotional offers and what is coming soon at Toolstation.  With your consent, or when you shop with us and do not choose to opt out from receiving emails ("soft opt in") we will use your personal data, preferences and details of transactions to keep you informed by email, web, text, telephone about relevant products and services in the UK.  If you leave items in your shopping basket on our website without completing a purchase, we may send you an email to follow up and ask if you need any help with your order.  We review the products and services you buy and we also analyse your use of our website and the searches you make on this and other websites. We use this information to tailor the marketing you receive from us so it is as relevant as possible. This may include placing adverts on social-media and other third-party websites.  You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time. You can unsubscribe from emails by simply clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link which we add to the end of every email we send. You can opt out of receiving marketing which is tailored to suit your customer profile. You can also opt out of email, text, postal or telephone marketing via the ‘My account’ section of your online account or by emailing us at  or visiting one of our branches. See Your Rights for more details.  We may record or monitor some phone calls, for example calls to our customer services teams:  for training and quality control purposes;  so we have evidence of conversations; or  to help prevent or to detect crime (for example, fraudulent claims).  Legal reasons for processing your information  Some of the information we collect is provided by you voluntarily (and therefore with your permission), for example when you sign up to join a mailing list or make a query.  If you buy items from us, or if you supply products or services to us, most of the information we collect is necessary so that we can fulfil the contract between us.  The rest of the information we collect is for our legitimate business purposes, which include to:  keep in touch with current, past and potential customers;  provide online account management and related services;  gain an understanding of how our customers interact with us so we can provide the most relevant products and services;  monitor the use of our website and improve its facilities;  identify suspected criminal activity and take appropriate action;  manage our supply chain and our relationship with our suppliers; and  protect and defend our rights  When we collect personal information from you, we will tell you whether you have to provide the information (mandatory information), or whether you can choose not to provide it (voluntary information). On the website we use asterisks to mark mandatory information.  How long will we keep your information for  We will keep your personal information for as long as we need to for the legitimate business purposes described above.  If you are a visitor to the website, we will keep your information for a limited period to respond to your query, provide you with the information you need or send you updates on our products and services, for as long as you indicate that you are happy for us to do so.  For all purchases we normally keep records of the transaction for six years. This is for accounting and tax purposes and to manage any issues relating to a fault or damage caused by a product.  We make keep your information for longer than this if there are valid legal reason for us to do so, for example if we must do so by law or under a court order, or if we need the information to defend or pursue legal claims.  Like most organisations, we ask service providers to run our website and IT systems, to help us manage accounts, to carry out credit checks and to help prevent fraud, and to handle postal and email marketing campaigns. We also work with a large number of suppliers who provide products and delivery services to us.  We will only give these companies with the information they need to deliver the service we have asked them to provide and they must not use that information for any other purpose. Whenever we share personal information about our customers or visitors to our website with our service providers, we will put in place contracts which mean the service provider must protect the information and keep it secure. See also Transferring information to other countries  Other people and organisations we may share the information with  We may share your personal information with the following third parties for the purposes described above:  Tax, customs and excise authorities  Regulators, courts and the police  We may also share your personal information if we believe this necessary to enforce or apply our terms and conditions or to protect and defend our rights, property or the safety of our customers and other users of the website.  We may reveal and/or transfer your personal information to others in connection with a reorganisation of all or part of our business, if the majority of our shares are bought by another company or if we transfer all or some of our assets to another company.  In order to process your application we will supply your personal information to credit reference agencies (CRAs) and they will give us information about you, such as about your financial history. We do this to assess creditworthiness and product suitability, check your identity, manage your account, trace and recover debts and prevent criminal activity. We will also continue to exchange information about you with CRAs on an ongoing basis, including about your settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time. CRAs will share your information with other organisations. The identities of the CRAs, and the ways in which they use and share personal information, are explained in more detail at http://www.experian.co.uk/crain/index.html https://www.transunion.co.uk/legal/privacy-centre?#pc-credit-reference  Transferring information outside the EEA  Most of the companies who provide services to us are based inside the EEA (European Economic Area). But there are some that are located outside the EEA and as a result, your personal information may be transferred outside the EEA. We will make sure that those service providers keep to any legal requirements that apply to the transferring of personal information outside the EEA, including, where appropriate, asking the service provider to sign the approved European Commission standard contractual clauses for transferring personal information to other countries.  How we protect your information  We must protect the information you provide to us. We use appropriate measures to protect the information that you give to us through our website and the information we collect and store about our customers.  All of the forms which gather or display personal information on our site are protected by a mechanism called SSL (Secure Socket Layer). This is a standard technology which provides a secure connection between internet browsers and websites, allowing you to transmit private data online. Firewalls are used to block unauthorised access to our servers, which are themselves based in a secure location. Within our organisation, we restrict access to personal information. Only employees who need the information to do their jobs have access to it.  Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of information you submit via our website. However, once we have received your information, we will take appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal information against loss, theft and unauthorised use, access or modification.  If you have created an account or registered to use any online services, your account details may be password protected. It is your responsibility to keep your password confidential and to sign out once you have finished browsing.  Changes to our privacy policy  We regularly review our privacy policy and if we make any changes to it we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it. This policy was last updated in May 2018. If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, please contact us using the details at the bottom of this page.  On our website links may be provided on our website to other websites that we do not manage. If you use these links, you will leave our website. We are not responsible for the contents of any third party website, and those websites will have their own privacy policies which you should read carefully.  If you have an online account you can access, update and correct your personal information – including your marketing choices – using the communication preferences.  You can opt out of receiving marketing which is tailored to suit your customer profile (‘profiling’) by contacting us at info@toolstation.com. You will still receive general marketing, unless you opt out of receiving all marketing.  You can ask us for details of the personal information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of the information, please email us at info@toolstation.com or write to us at the address below.  We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. If you think any information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us at info@toolstation.com or write to us at the address below so we can update our records.  We may need to ask for proof of your identity before we can deal with your request.  You may also have the following rights in relating to your personal information.  In certain circumstances, the right to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information (including profiling), or ask us to delete your personal information.  If you have provided personal information voluntarily, or otherwise given us permission to use it, the right to withdraw that permission  In certain circumstances, the right to receive a copy of the personal information which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used format which can be read by a computer, or to ask us to transfer that information to someone else (This is known as ‘data portability’)  The right to complain to a data protection authority (see below)  If you have a question about this privacy policy or you want to exercise your rights, please contact us at:  You can also contact the Travis Perkins Group Data Protection Officer by writing to them at:  Travis Perkins Group Data Protection Officer  dataprotection@travisperkins.co.uk (mark your emails for the attention of the Data Protection Officer)  If you are not satisfied with how we use your personal information or our response to any request you make in relation to your personal information, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner:  We partner with Rakuten Advertising, who may collect personal information when you interact with our site. The collection and use of this information are subject to the privacy policy located here:  Sign up to our newsletter to hear about new products & top offers  © Toolstation 2021. Toolstation Ltd, registered address: Unit 2, Express Park, Bristol Road, Bridgwater, Somerset. TA6 4RN. Company registration number 04372131. Our VAT number: GB 408 556 737. FCA number 793569  Finance provided by PayPal Credit. Terms and conditions apply. Credit subject to status, UK residents only, Toolstation Ltd, acts as a broker and offers finance from a restricted range of finance providers, PayPal Credit is a trading name of PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l et Cie, S.C.A. 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg. *Representative example: Representative 21.9% APR (variable) - Purchase rate 21.9% p.a (variable) - Assumed credit limit £1,200 - more info  © Toolstation 2021. All rights reserved  © Toolstation 2021. All rights reserved  You know the drill, we all love cookies… the ones we use on this site are for analytics, personalising your experience and helping with our advertising to show you more of what we know you’ll love. By hitting accept, you agree to our website cookies.  Accept VIEW OUR COOKIE POLICY Accept  Hey, browse our site often?ADD TO HOME SCREEN 