Personal information charter - Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency - GOV.UK  We use some essential cookies to make this website work.  We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services.  We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services.  You can change your cookie settings at any time.  This charter explains how we collect, use and store your personal information, and what we need from you to keep it up to date.  What personal information and data is  When we need your information and data  Reasons we can process your personal data  Your rights over your personal data  What we do to keep your data safe and secure  Complain about how we’ve handled your data  Privacy notices for our services and activities  We carry out driving tests, approve people to be driving instructors and MOT testers, carry out tests to make sure lorries and buses are safe to drive, carry out roadside checks on drivers and vehicles, and monitor vehicle recalls.  Find out more about the services we provide.  So that you can use these services, we need to collect, use, store and sometimes share your personal information.  What personal information and data is  Personal data is information about a living person. It lets you identify them either:  directly, for example, their name  indirectly, for example, their driving licence number  Personal data can include things such as:  data about health, genetics, economics, culture or social identity  Your personal data is protected by law. It protects how it is collected, used and stored.  When we need your information and data  When we need to collect, store or use your personal information, we will:  have a good reason to do it and only ask for what we need  do so in a fair and transparent way  tell you why we need your information and how we’ll use it  only use your information how we say we’ll use it, and not in a way you would not expect without asking/telling you first  only keep what we need, and will not keep it for longer than we need  make sure it’s accurate and up to date, and that nobody has access to it who should not  keep it safe and secure  Give us accurate data and tell us when things change  Make sure the information you give us is accurate and let us know if it changes. For example, if you change your:  Your sensitive (special category) information  We follow extra rules when we collect, use and store more sensitive personal data. This is called ‘special category’ data. It includes things like race, ethnic origin, trade union membership, health and sexual orientation.  When we process personal data to enforce criminal law, we categorise individuals so that their role is clear, for example, witness, victim, suspect or convicted criminal.  We also say whether the information is opinion or fact, and keep detailed logs of how we handle the data.  Reasons we can process your personal data  We can only process personal data for one or more of the following reasons:  you’ve freely given your consent, it’s clear what you’re consenting to, and how you can withdraw your consent  you’ve entered (or intend to enter) into a contract with us  to protect someone’s ‘vital interests’ (a matter of life or death)  to perform a public task or perform a specific task that’s in the public interest  for our own or a third party’s legitimate interests - but only where the personal data is going to be used in ways that are reasonably expected and are not intrusive, or where there are compelling reasons to process it  These reasons are sometimes called ‘conditions’ or ‘legal bases’.  The reason we process your personal data affects the rights you have over it. We process data to meet our legal obligations and to perform public tasks.  Your rights over your personal data  By law, you have the right to:  view your data - you can access your personal data free of charge and in digital format  be informed - you should know and understand what happens with your data and why  be forgotten - without a ‘compelling reason’ to keep your data, we must delete it  move your data - you can obtain and reuse your personal data with other services  limit how your data is used - you can block and put restrictions on how your data’s used, if it’s inaccurate or unnecessary  say no - you can stop direct marketing and data processing when there’s no ‘compelling reason’ to do it  make changes to your data - you can update any data about you that’s out of date or false, without delay  human-made decision making - you can stop automated decisions being made about you, if it has legal or significant consequences  Contact our Corporate Correspondence team to use any of these rights.  Personal information rights at DVSA  Corporate ReputationDriver and Vehicle Standards Agency  112 Upper Parliament StreetNottinghamNG1 6LP  Monday to Friday, 8am to 4pm  What we do to keep your data safe and secure  When we introduce new technology or new policies and processes, we consider your privacy from the start. We’ll carry out a data protection impact assessment (DPIA) when it will help.  We always carry out a DPIA when we:  consider there is a high risk to your rights and freedoms  If a risk is found and we cannot find a way to reduce the impact or likelihood of the risk happening, we’ll ask the Department for Transport (as the department that oversees us) and the Information Commissioner for advice.  How we keep your data secure  We protect your personal data from unauthorised access, accidental loss, destruction and damage.  We carry out regular reviews and audits to make sure the way we collect, use and store personal data meets government security standards.  We also arrange for IT health checks and penetration testing to be carried out on our systems. This is done by independent CHECK approved individuals. These people:  have a contract with us  may have access to your personal data  must follow our policy on the acceptable use of IT and communications equipment - they agree to do this before they carry out any work  We only transfer your personal data overseas if there are appropriate safeguards in place to protect it.  Training and guidance we give to our staff  We train all our staff about the importance of protecting personal and other sensitive information.  Anyone who routinely accesses personal data as part of their job has to do more in-depth training. Anyone with access to large volumes of personal data has to carry out training tailored to their role.  Our managers with formal responsibility for large datasets take extra training. This makes sure they have a clear understanding of what they need to do to keep the data under their control safe and secure.  All civil servants have to follow the Civil Service code. This has 4 core values of integrity, honesty, objectivity and impartiality. These values apply to how we handle personal data.  We do everything we can to keep your personal data secure.  We’ll tell the Information Commissioner’s Office straight away (and always within 72 hours) if we become aware of a data breach. We’ll do this if the breach creates a risk to your rights and freedoms, including:  significant social or economic damage  We’ll tell you straight away if we think there’s a high risk to you. We will:  give you our data protection manager’s contact details  explain the likely consequences of the breach  tell you what measures we’ve taken or plan to address the breach, including any steps taken to limit potential damaging effects  If we cannot contact you directly, we’ll try to make you aware through other means, such as a public announcement.  Complain about how we’ve handled your data  Write to our data protection manager to complain about the way we’ve handled your personal data.  Data Protection Manager Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency  112 Upper Parliament StreetNottingham NG1 6LP  We’ll send you a full response within 10 working days. If we cannot respond fully in that time, we’ll tell you why and let you know when we can respond in full.  If you want to complain about our response  Complain to the Information Commissioner. They provide independent advice about data protection, privacy and data sharing issues.  Privacy notices for our services and activities  Each of our services and activities has a privacy notice. It tells you:  what personal data is collected, used and stored  how long the data is stored for  why the personal data is collected  how the personal data is used  Most of our online services have a privacy notice link at the bottom of the service’s pages. If a service does not yet have a privacy notice link at the bottom of its pages, you can view it here.  Driver CPC: privacy notice (PDF, 52.2KB, 3 pages)  Book and manage your driving test: privacy notice  Book and manage your theory test: privacy notice  Book and manage driving and riding tests for your pupils: privacy notice  Book and manage theory tests for your pupils: privacy notice  Apply for an emergency theory test if you’re a critical worker: privacy notice  Apply for an emergency driving test if you’re a critical worker: privacy notice  Approved driving instructor (ADI) registration and services  Disclosure and Barring: privacy notice (PDF, 51.9KB, 4 pages)  Driving instructor appeals: privacy notice  Voluntary LGV instructor register: privacy notice (PDF, 31.3KB, 1 page)  Motorcycle training and instructor: privacy notice  CCTV and body-worn cameras: privacy notice  Enforcement delivery: privacy notice (PDF, 70.4KB, 5 pages)  Intelligence and targeting: privacy notice  Pay a DVSA roadside fine: privacy notice  Report a lorry, bus or coach driver or company: privacy notice  Report an MOT tester: privacy notice  Become and be an MOT tester: privacy notice  Check the MOT history of a vehicle: privacy notice  Training: privacy notice (PDF, 38.5KB, 2 pages)  Get MOT reminders: privacy notice  MOT testing service: privacy notice (PDF, 58.5KB, 5 pages)  Set up and run an MOT test station: privacy notice  International Road Haulage Permits Office: privacy notice  If you fill in an online or paper application form, there will usually be a separate privacy notice with the form.  Where a privacy notice has not yet been added to the form, we still follow all the rules and processes set out in this personal information charter to keep your personal data safe and secure.  When you write to us, we’ll use your personal data to look into the issue you’ve raised and send you a reply.  We usually keep a record of your email or letter for 2 years. We do keep some for longer if the service or system has a policy that says it has to be kept for longer.  If your email or letter is about something another government department or agency is responsible for, we will usually pass it to them to reply to you. We will tell you when this happens.  Freedom of Information and Environmental Information Regulations  When you request information under Freedom of Information rules or the Environmental Information Regulations, we may need to consult with other departments to give you a coordinated response.  If your request should have been sent to another organisation, we’ll reply and tell you who to send it to. We will not send your request to the other organisation for you.  Sometimes we need to share your request for information with other organisations who help us run our services. We will not share any information that identifies you.  We keep a record of your request for 2 years. We only keep it for longer if it’s necessary because of an ongoing issue.  We keep a number of distribution lists to communicate with our stakeholders as part of our functions as a government agency, where you have given your consent or for legitimate interests.  Each list is only used for the purpose that the individuals on the list were told about at the time we collected their information or that you gave your consent for.  We provide an email alert service that lets you choose what updates to get.  You can manage your preferences and subscribe at any time. There’s a separate privacy notice for this service.  To design services that are easy to use and valued by the people who need them, we need to understand their circumstances, influences and expectations. Research helps us understand this and whether the changes we make improve road safety.  The nature of the research determines what personal data is collected about you. When the research project has finished, we remove or anonymise all personal data from the records.  We publish the results of research on GOV.UK, but we make sure you cannot be identified in it.  When we do a research project, you’ll be told about its purpose, what personal data we collect about you, if it will be shared with any other organisation and if it will be combined with other data.  ask for your consent to be part of a research project  rely on the ‘public task’ condition within the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) to contact you as part of the research project  rely on the ‘legitimate interests’ condition within the GDPR to contact you as part of the research project  Email research2@dvsa.gov.uk if you do not want to take part in research, or if you originally said you wanted to, but have changed your mind and want to stop.  If we do not carry out the research directly ourselves, we’ll share your personal data with research companies we have a contract with to do research for us.  Any other data sharing follows data protection law, and includes sharing with law enforcement agencies where  necessary to prevent or detect crime.  We keep your personal data in our systems, and the data is stored on UK or European Economic Area (EEA) servers.  When we share your data  We may share personal data within our organisation or with other bodies where we are permitted to do so by law.  There are some cases where we can pass on your data without telling you - for example, to prevent or detect crime, or in order to produce anonymised statistics.  In all cases, whether data is shared internally or externally, we will be governed by data protection law.  A small proportion of our records are transferred to The National Archives, in line with legal obligations for the collection, disposal and preservation of records.  The Public Records Act sets out which records are selected, transferred and preserved. Records defined as ‘public records’ must be openly accessible, unless they’re exempt under the Freedom of Information Act.  Yes this page is useful  No this page is not useful  Thank you for your feedback  Report a problem with this page  Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.  To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. We’ll send you a link to a feedback form. It will take only 2 minutes to fill in. Don’t worry we won’t send you spam or share your email address with anyone.  Coronavirus (COVID-19): guidance and support  Check what you need to do  Births, deaths, marriages and care  Citizenship and living in the UK  Crime, justice and the law  Passports, travel and living abroad  Transparency and freedom of information releases  All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated 