Privacy Notice and Data Protection – www.kingston.gov.uk  Logo: Visit the www.kingston.gov.uk home page  Council TaxBenefits and supportWaste and recyclingRoads, travel and parkingBirths, deaths and ceremoniesPublic and environmental issuesHousing and RegenerationPlanning and building controlAdult social careSchools and learningChildren, young people and familiesBusiness and licensingYour councilCommunities, neighbourhoods and safetyThings to doLibraries websiteJobs and Careers  Privacy Notice and Data Protection  Privacy Notice and Data Protection  Data Protection and Your Rights  Council tax, Business rates and Benefits  This statement applies to content published on the www.kingston.gov.uk domain. It does not apply to content on third party and galaxy sites (for example, www.data.kingston.gov.uk).  This website is run by the Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames website team. It is designed to be used by as many people as possible. The text should be clear and simple to understand. You should be able to:  zoom in up to 300% without problems  navigate most of the website using just a keyboard  navigate most of the website using speech recognition software  use most of the website using a screen reader (including the most recent versions of JAWS, NVDA and VoiceOver)  We provide some extra information on our website in Portable Document Format (PDF). You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to read these files, it can be downloaded free of charge from the Adobe website. Adobe also provide tools to convert PDF documents into plain text or plain HTML documents to help provide accessible information to people with sight difficulties:  Save a PDF file as a Word document, HTML file, or image  We’ve also made the website text as simple as possible to understand.  AbilityNet has advice on making your device easier to use if you have a disability.  How accessible this website is  Parts of this website are not fully accessible. For example:  some pages and document attachments are not written in plain English  some tables do not have row headings  some documents have poor colour contrast  some heading elements are not consistent  some images do not have image descriptions  some buttons are not correctly identified  some error messages are not clearly associated with form controls  many documents are in PDF format and are not accessible  The website team works with each service which publishes content on kingston.gov.uk, making sure it meets the accessibility regulations. We will update the statement when issues are fixed or when we expect them to be fixed.  Reporting accessibility problems with this website  If you find any problems that are not listed on this page or you think we’re not meeting the accessibility requirement, you can complete the Public Feedback Form or call 020 8547 5000.  Requesting information in alternative formats  To request information in an alternative format, you can submit a Request for Accessible Information form or call 020 8547 5000.  In the form, you will need to include:  the web address (URL) of the content  your email address and name  the format you need - for example, plain text, braille, BSL, large print or audio CD  We will consider your request and get back to you in 10 working days.  Contacting us by phone or visiting us in person  We provide a text relay service for people who are D/deaf, hearing impaired or have a speech impediment.  Our offices have audio induction loops, or if you contact us before your visit we can arrange a British Sign Language (BSL) interpreter.  You can contact us by phone on 020 8547 5000.  If you contact us with a complaint and you’re not happy with our response contact the Equality Advisory and Support Service (EASS).  The Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC) is responsible for enforcing the Public Sector Bodies (Websites and Mobile Applications) (No. 2) Accessibility Regulations 2018 (the ‘accessibility regulations’).  Technical information about this website’s accessibility  The Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames is committed to making its websites accessible, in accordance with the Public Sector Bodies (Websites and Mobile Applications) (No. 2) Accessibility Regulations 2018.  This website is partially compliant with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines version 2.1 AA standard.  The content listed below is non-accessible for the following reasons.  Non-compliance with the accessibility regulations  Some tables in content do not have table row headers when needed. This means assistive technologies will not read the tables correctly. This fails WCAG 2.1 success criterion 1.3.1 (Info and Relationships).  Images on some pages do not always have suitable image descriptions. Users of assistive technologies may not have access to information conveyed in images. This fails WCAG 2.1 success criterion 1.1.1 (Non-text Content).  Some pages have duplicate titles. This may make it difficult for users to orient themselves and find the right content. This fails WCAG 2.4.2 success criterion (Page Titled).  The change in the default written language is not correctly identified on some pages. This means screen readers will not read content correctly. This fails WCAG 2.1 success criterion 3.1.2 (Language of Parts).  Some features are inconsistently named, for example, tables of contents or search boxes. This fails WCAG 2.1 success criterion 3.2.4 (Consistent Identification).  Some pages cannot be found through more than one type of navigation. This fails WCAG 2.1 success criterion 2.4.5 (Multiple Ways).  Some buttons look like links. This means it is difficult for some users to complete a transaction or onward journey. This fails WCAG 2.1 success criterion 1.3.1 (Info and Relationships).  Some pages have inconsistently-placed language navigation. This fails WCAG 2.1 success criterion 3.2.4 success criterion (Consistent Identification).  Some content looks like headings but is not. This makes it difficult for screen reader users to navigate the page. This fails WCAG 2.1 success criterion 1.3.1 (Info and Relationships).  Some pages have poor colour contrast. This fails WCAG 2.1 success criterion 1.4.1 (Use of Colour).  Many documents are in less accessible formats, for example PDF. Non-HTML documents published on or after 23 September 2018 must have an accessible format.  Many documents are not accessible in a number of ways including missing text alternatives and missing document structure.  Some of our interactive forms are difficult to navigate using a keyboard. For example, because some form controls are missing a ‘label’ tag.  Our forms are built and hosted through third party software and ‘skinned’ to look like our website. This fails WCAG 2.1 success criterion 1.3.1 (information and relationships).  We are currently transitioning our forms to fix the issues with navigation and accessing information. Due to the time taken to develop these forms, not all are completed. We believe that this is a disproportionate burden within the meaning of the accessibility regulations.  Many of our older PDFs and Word documents do not meet accessibility standards - for example, they may not be structured so they’re accessible to a screen reader. This does not meet WCAG 2.1 success criterion 4.1.2  Some of our PDFs and Word documents are essential to providing our services. For example, we have PDFs with information on how users can access our services, and forms published as Word documents. Due to the volume of PDFs, not all have been completed. We plan to either fix these or offer accessible HTML page alternatives.  Content that’s not within the scope of the accessibility regulations  Live video streams do not have captions. This fails WCAG 2.1 success criterion 1.2.4 (captions - live).  We do not plan to add captions to live video streams because live video is exempt from meeting the accessibility regulations.  Our site includes 3rd party content and functionality.  Depending on our relationship with the 3rd party, we cannot always guarantee its accessibility.  For the benefit of our users we link to other websites, including:  official information sources, such as The Met Office, GOV.UK or NHS.UK.  We are not responsible for the accessibility of these or any other websites we do not manage.  Using 3rd party content or functionality on our website  We feature 3rd party content or functionality on our website, including:  survey tools to collect feedback from users  insight tools which tell us how people are using the website  applications for creating forms and storing data.  Where we choose to feature 3rd party content or functionality on our website, we are responsible for ensuring it meets accessibility standards.  If we have paid for content to be created, or have a contractual relationship with the commissioner, we ensure accessibility guidelines are met as part of contractual obligations.  Where we are legally required to feature 3rd party content or functionality, we cannot reasonably accept responsibility for ensuring it meets accessibility standards. However, where it is within our control, we will make every reasonable effort to work towards meeting accessibility requirements  We often create content which is hosted on 3rd party platforms. This includes:  content we create for social media, such as Facebook or Twitter  video which we host on YouTube or Vimeo  data we supply to national databases such as Roadworks.org.  We are responsible for ensuring the content we supply meets accessibility requirements; however, we are not responsible for the accessibility of the platform itself.  For example, when we add video to one of our YouTube channels, we will ensure any subtitling, captions and audio-description are included as required. However, we are not responsible for the accessibility of the video player itself.  How we tested this website  We use the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines V2.1 level A and level AA to test how accessible kingston.gov.uk is.  We used the Website Accessibility Conformance Evaluation Methodology (WCAG-EM) approach to decide on a sample of pages to test.  We are continually working to improve our website, based on user testing and feedback.  What we’re doing to improve accessibility  Departments and agencies are urgently fixing content which fails to meet the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines version 2.1 AA standard. We will update this page when issues are fixed.  Preparation of this accessibility statement  This statement was prepared on 15 October 2020. It was last reviewed on 15 October 2020.  Last updated 15 October 2020  : Advertising on our website  Please select a reason why this information is useful  Please select a reason why this information is not useful  it didn't answer my question  it was hard to find  i'm not sure what to do next  Anti Fraud Strategy (January 2016)  Logo: Visit the www.kingston.gov.uk home page  Designed and Powered by Jadu.  Follow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on YouTube  Cookie Control Close IconThis site uses cookies to store information on your computer.Some of these cookies are essential, while others help us to improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used.I AcceptI Do Not AcceptNecessary CookiesNecessary cookies enable core functionality such as page navigation and access to secure areas. The website cannot function properly without these cookies, and can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.AnalyticsAnalytical cookies help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.AnalyticsOnOffMarketingWe use marketing cookies to help us improve the relevancy of advertising campaigns you receive.MarketingOnOffPreferencesYour preferences will apply to this website only. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. You can change your preferences at any time by returning to this site or visit our privacy policy.PreferencesOnOffAbout this tool(Opens in a new window)External Link IconCookie Control