We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. To comply with our privacy policy, we need to request your consent to set cookies on your machine (I agree) (no thanks). However by taking no action and continuing to use this site you accept our privacy policy.  Search for a PhD studentship  Holding an offer of study  About Liverpool John Moores University  Fees, funding and money advice  Fees, funding and money advice  Health and social care courses  Pharmacy and Biomolecular Sciences courses  Settling in and staying connected  Specific fees and funding information  Search for a PhD studentship  Exchange and study abroad students  Holding an offer of study  FAQs for International Students 2021  How to accept your offer  About Liverpool John Moores University  Explore this sectionLegal    Accessibility    Charitable status    Modern Slavery Statement    Copyright notice    DisclaimerPrivacy and cookies  Information you need to know  LJMU takes your privacy very seriously.  This privacy notice explains how we use your personal information and your rights regarding that information. We are committed to being transparent about how we collect and use your data and to meeting our data protection obligations. We comply with all legislation regarding the protection of your personal data including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Data Protection Act 2018. We have built-in security measures to reduce the risk of your personal data being misused, lost or stolen. Our secure network requires unique login details and passwords, and only allows access to personal data to those who need it.  Liverpool John Moores University is registered as a  Data Controller with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) under registration number: Z5616967.  Our register entry is publicly available on the ICO’s website and sets out the general purposes for which we process personal data.  How to contact the Data Protection Officer  The Data Protection Officer advises the University on how to comply with the data protection legislation and manages and coordinates requests made under GDPR.  Data Protection and Information Officer  Exchange Station, 2nd Floor, Tithebarn Street  What information are we collecting?  LJMU is formed of many schools and departments and we collect a wide range of information for different purposes. For example: personal data will be collected by LJMU whenever you apply for a course or a job or when you request information from us. Personal data is any information that refers to a living and identifiable individual. This could be your name, your contact details, your academic records or details of your health records.  The type of personal data we collect will be appropriate to your interaction with us, be that as a student, a member of staff or a visitor.  Why are we collecting your data and what is the legal basis for this?  LJMU will collect personal data from you for many reasons and will at all times do so in compliance with the principles of the GDPR.  As a public body, the most common reasons we process personal data are:  to carry out our official public functions of providing education and conducting research and  to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations  The legal basis for processing data is set out in each of the specific privacy notices.  Who has access to this data?  Your personal data will be used only by relevant LJMU staff where the data is necessary for them to undertake their designated role. We may also lawfully share information with third parties such as:  Higher Education Statistics Agency (HESA)  Providers of software we use or event organisers  Details of who we share data with are set out in each of the specific privacy notices.  How does the University protect your data?  The University takes data protection very seriously. For services provided locally by Information Services, information is stored on servers located in secure University datacentres. These datacentres are resilient and feature security access controls, environmental monitoring, backup power supplies and redundant hardware. Information on these servers is backed up regularly and use a wide array of technology to ensure data security is continually dealt with to high professional standards. All Liverpool John Moores University staff who have access to your information have received data protection training. We only use third party systems to store and process your data for which we have completed a risk assessment exercise to ensure your data is secure.  How long does the University keep your data?  We will keep your information only for as long as we need it and in accordance with our Records Retention Schedule. When we no longer need the information, we will dispose of it securely.  As a data subject, you have a number of rights. You can:  access and obtain a copy of your data on request (this could be in a portable electronic format)  require the University to change incorrect or incomplete data if you think that it is inaccurate or out of date  require the University to delete or stop processing your data, for example where the data is no longer necessary or legally required for the purposes of processing  If your personal data has been provided by consent you have a right to withdraw that consent at any time.  If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact the Data Protection Officer: DPO@ljmu.ac.uk.  Transfers of data outside the UK  Generally, we do not send your personal data outside the UK. However, in some specific cases, we may transfer the personal data we collect to countries outside the UK in order to perform our contract with you/or a contract with another organisation that requires your personal data i.e. a collaboration agreement with a university based outside of the UK. Where we do this, we will ensure that your personal information is protected by way of an ‘adequacy regulation’ with the UK or by putting alternative appropriate measures in place to ensure that your personal information is treated by those third parties in a way that is consistent with and which respects the UK laws on data protection. For example model contractual clauses, data sharing/data processing agreement and binding corporate rules (where applicable).  We will not make any decisions about you automatically using a computer, based on your personal data. All decisions affecting you will be taken by a human.  How to complain to the Information Commissioner's Office  You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner if you believe that our processing of your personal data does not meet our data protection obligations. The Information Commissioner can be contacted:  Post: Information Commissioners Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK95AF  Email: contact can be made by accessing www.ico.org.uk.  Changes to our privacy notices  We keep our privacy notices under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated in in March 2021.  Cookies are small pieces of information that a website can store in your web browser to record and recall information about your visit. Our cookies store only information about your site usage and preferences, we do not store any personal data, such as your name or email address.  We use cookies in two ways:  To retain user preferences - for example cookies stored by your web browser help us to recognise you if you return to our site at a later stage. This can save you time on future visits by storing information you may have previously entered onto our site or to make feature links relevant to areas of interest to you.  To collect website usage information – we track how visitors interact with the website, including where they came from, the pages they visited and the actions they took (e.g. clicked a button, completed a form). This is then used by us to provide a more personalised online experience and to optimise our website for our visitors. We do not track users once they leave the University website.  We sometimes embed photo and video content from websites such as YouTube. Webpages with this embedded content may set cookies from these websites. Similarly, when you use a share button a cookie may be set by the service you have chosen to share content through. LJMU does not control the transmission of these cookies and cannot block cookies from those websites. You should check the relevant third party website for more information on their privacy policy.  If you wish to control what cookies you use, you can change your internet browser setting at any time. However, please note that in disabling cookies, your browsing experience may be adversely affected.  © 2021 Liverpool John Moores University - All Rights Reserved 