Unknowncheats™ - Privacy Policy Information  This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Unknowncheats™ collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the unknowncheats.me website ("Site").  Your Acceptance of these Terms  By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.  Changes to this Privacy Policy  Unknowncheats™ has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.  We may collect Personal Identification Information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to when Users visit our site, register on the site, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.  Users may be asked for, as appropriate, an email address or other forms of contact information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.  We will collect Personal Identification Information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.  We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. The non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Sites, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.  Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them.  A user may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly or at all.  How we use Collected Information  Unknowncheats™ may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:  To run and operate our Site  We may need your information to display content on the Site correctly.  Information you provide helps us respond to your requests and support needs more efficiently.  We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.  We may use information to improve our services and User experience.  To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature  To notify or send User information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.  We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their used services. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions and other requests.  How we Protect your Information  We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, the disclosure of personal information, username, password and data stored on our Site.  We do not sell, trade, or rent User personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.  If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include Site news, updates or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, then they can do so using their User account settings.  Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that links to the sites and services of our partners, advertisers, sponsors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site.  In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites that have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.  We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, the subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioural advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit https://www.networkadvertising.org/  If you're an EU citizen and would like to have your Personal Identifiable Information (Username, Email Address, IP Address) deleted from our database then please contact siteadmin@unknowncheats.me from the Email Address linked to your User account. Note, all User accounts that are subjected to the erasure process will no longer be accessible or recoverable, and we reserve the right to terminate or deny access to any alternative accounts you may register or use. Furthermore, we also have a legal right to retain some data (e.g., forum post content) so we may anonymize in some cases.  Protecting the privacy of the very young is important, for that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.  This document was last updated on 24 May, 2018