Privacy Policy | Vape Superstore  Your cart is currently empty.  Intermediate / Mid Range Kits  Beginners Guide To Vape Kits  Top Pod Kits: Finding Your Favourite  Mix & Match 3 for £10  Mix & Match 4 for £10  Nic Salts 5 for £20  100ml Shortfills 2 for £25  Shop All Vape Liquid Deals  The Difference between an RDA and RTA  Dripping: An Art, Not Just A Process  What is a Squonk Mod?  Temp Control vs Variable Wattage  Build Your Own or Pre-Built?  The Ultimate Vape Coil Guide  Vape Deals Sign in Create Account  Intermediate / Mid Range Kits  Beginners Guide To Vape Kits  Top Pod Kits: Finding Your Favourite  Mix & Match 3 for £10  Mix & Match 4 for £10  Nic Salts 5 for £20  100ml Shortfills 2 for £25  Shop All Vape Liquid Deals  The Difference between an RDA and RTA  Dripping: An Art, Not Just A Process  What is a Squonk Mod?  Temp Control vs Variable Wattage  Build Your Own or Pre-Built?  The Ultimate Vape Coil Guide  Vape Deals Sign in Create Account  Create Account | Sign in Customer service Our Stores About Us  UK (£) AU ($) EU (€) US ($)  All customers ordering products from Vape Superstore are required by law to be over the age of 18 years  Free UK Delivery - On orders over £20  Lowest price guaranteed - Always!  Delivery & Dispatch - 7 days a week  Easytek Ltd ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.vapesuperstore.co.uk/ website (the "Service").  This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.  We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.vapesuperstore.co.uk/.  Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).  Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).  Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.  Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.  For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.  Data Processor (or Service Providers)  Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.  We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.  Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.  The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.  We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.  While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:  First name and last name  Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal Code, City  We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.  We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.  We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customise our Service.  You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time, through your device settings.  We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.  Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.  You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.  Examples of Cookies we use:  Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.  Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.  Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.  Easytek Ltd uses the collected data for various purposes:  To provide and maintain our Service  To notify you about changes to our Service  To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so  To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service  To detect, prevent and address technical issues  To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information  Easytek Ltd will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.  Easytek Ltd will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.  Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.  If you are located outside United Kingdom and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United Kingdom and process it there.  Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.  Easytek Ltd will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.  Under certain circumstances, Easytek Ltd may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).  Easytek Ltd may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:  To comply with a legal obligation  To protect and defend the rights or property of Easytek Ltd  To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service  To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public  To protect against legal liability  The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  Easytek Ltd aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.  Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.  If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.  In certain circumstances, you have the right:  To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you  To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate  To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you  You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to Easytek Ltd. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.  Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.  We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analysing how our Service is used.  These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.  We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.  We may use Agechecked services to verify your age. This service is in place to ensure that our customers are over the age of 18. When you pass through our checkout system for the first time your details will be checked by Agechecked against electoral roll data to verify your identity. If Agechecked are unable to verify your age, we will request your photographic identification (e.g. Driving License or Passport). Once you’ve been verified, your details will not be checked again. AgeChecked do not hold any personal data other than your email address and all data is made anonymous.  We are required to verify your age by law so if you are not happy for your details to be used in this way, we regret that you will be unable to place an order with us.  Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.  You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.  For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/  We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).  We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.  The payment processors we work with are:  In order to be able to offer you Klarna’s payment options, we will pass to Klarna certain aspects of your personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you.  General information on Klarna you can find here. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna’s privacy policy.  Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full  Their policies can be viewed at https://www.sagepay.co.uk/policies  Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.  We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.  Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.  CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY  We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.  We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.  You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:  Sign Up & Save 10% Sign up to our newsletter today and receive 10% off your first order. You can unsubscribe at any time.  Loyalty Rewards Contact us Payment Klarna Payments FAQs Delivery Information Same Day Delivery Click & Collect Returns Policy  About Us Press & Media Enquiries Lowest Price Guarantee Customer Reviews Affiliate Program Store Locations Careers All Products All Collections Sitemap  Blog Vape Guides Gift Cards Discount Codes Vape Deals FAQ Glossary Brand Directory (A-Z)  Age Verification TPD Compliance Medical Information Disclaimer Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Product Warranty  Tottenham Court Road Peckham Blackhorse Road Store Locator  YouTube Follow Vape Superstore for giveaways and special promos  WARNING: Products sold on this website may contain nicotine which is a highly addictive substance. Products sold on the Vape Superstore website are not suitable for use by: minors under the age of 18; pregnant or lactating women; people who suffer from cardio-vascular diseases; persons suffering from seizure disorders; or any persons who should avoid using tobacco or nicotine products for medical reasons. Keep Electronic Cigarettes out of reach of children at all times.  All customers ordering from Vape Superstore are required by UK law to be over the age of 18 years  Registered Office: Easytek LTD (t/a Vape Superstore), Unit 17 Forest Trading Estate, London, UK, E17 6AL - Registered in England Telephone: 020 3394 0152Easytek Ltd Company Registration Number: 09397732VAT No: 219263509  © Copyright 2021 Vape Superstore - All Rights Reserved 