(Digiarty) VideoProc - Privacy Policy  Record, Edit, Convert - Refine Your Video Story with VideoProcUse Coupon "PROMO" to Save Big on Lifetime License  Home > Company > Privacy Policy  VideoProc (from Digiarty Software, Inc.) cares much about the privacy of our clients and we will comply with the GDPR elements. Videoproc is a product offering video converting, video editing, video downloading, video recording, and DVD converting functions. In the privacy statement below, you can check what personal information is collected, what the information is used for, to whom the information is disclosed, and how we keep your information secure. We will manage and use the collected information carefully and we appreciate your trust.  When and What Personal Information Is Collected?  * Circumstances you may provide us some of your personal information.  2Checkout (since 2009) is a trusted e-commerce platform and it is our authorized payment processor. When you purchase our product VideoProc, your personal information will be collected by 2Checkout. The gathered personal information may be your name, email address, country, city, billing or physical address you provide, payment method, currency, card number and expiry date, but is not limited to the mentioned above. 2Checkout collects and encrypts the information. VideoProc only receives order notifications and has access to the data when we need. Your credit number won't be revealed to us.  2. When requiring our tech support  If you meet problems when using our product, you can contact our support team for professional technical support. To help you better resolve the technology problems in the process of using VideoProc, we may require you to offer some necessary information. Please rest assured that we only collect the information we need to help solving your issue, and do some research to improve the product using experience. The collected information may contain your licensed email address, what problems you meet, your computer and the processed media file information, etc.  Time to time VideoProc will hold software giveaways or gift contests. To participate in our giveaway or contest event, you will provide your email address to us to send you the software license key or to contact you later if you are the winner of the contest.  In our software registration window, in order to activate the program, you are required to input your valid email address and this will be your software licensed email. By entering the email address, you agree to share it with VideoProc.  5. From our third-party business partners  VideoProc may gather your personal information from our authorized payment processor, affiliates, resellers, partners, etc.  * Circumstances some of the personal information is automatically collected when you use our software or visit our website.  Supposing that you meet problems when using our product, we'd appreciate that you copy the Log File to send to us. We will research the information in the Log File to help you solve the issue. We can only see the Log File only if you send it to us and we will never share it outside VideoProc. Furthermore, the Log File doesn't include any personal identity information and we have no way to reach your personal data, so you can be assured.  How to find and send the Log File:  When you encounter an error in using VideoProc, it will pop up an Error window, you can click "Yes" button next to the question "Would you like to send the report?", then you can view the Error File which contains error information. Click "Copy File" and send it to our Support Team, or click "Open Folder" to check the Error File.  Most online websites use Cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your web browser. Google Analytics is designed by Google to track and analyze the visit behaviors of users. It uses cookies to anonymously collect information about how you visit a site and store the information on its servers in US. The collected information may include your geographic location when visit us (based on your IP address), your computer/telephone/tablet basic information, landing/exit page, etc. We use Google Analytics to check and analyze the above information to better improve our website or pages. VideoProc doesn't directly use Cookies to track your visit behaviors on videoproc.com.  Once you decide to buy our software and click a buy button on videoproc.com to enter into the shopping cart page, our authorized payment processor 2Checkout will display the shopping page in the correct language and currency in the moment of purchasing based on your geographic location.  How the Information Is Used and for What Purposes  By sending the related information to us, you agree to share them with VideoProc. We may use the information to do the following to improve our program and the marketing strategies. We will keep your personal information confidential.  • To generate sales report inside our company, calculated by day, by month, by country, etc.  • Offer after-sales service like tech support based on your order ID, etc.  • Occasionally send important software update notifications, news, holiday giveaways, special offers, newsletters, etc. via the email address you submitted. You can opt-out at any time.  • To make our website much better and improve the product using experience.  • To ask for comment of our products or services. We may display several comments from you on our website with your agreement. But if want to delete your review, please contact us and we will timely respond.  • To contact and notify contest winners to deliver their prizes.  To Whom We Disclose the Information  The information collected can only be reached by related people internally, for instance, your technology issues of using our software may be transmitted from Support Team to our R&D team for investigating, your after-sales queries may be passed on to our sales team, and more.  How We Keep Your Information Secure  Please rest assured that VideoProc keeps your personal information under a very secure network and only a part of related people can access the information. Besides, all sensitive/credit information you may supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.  How We Share Your Information  VideoProc will never sell, rent or leak your personal information to other people. Unless we get your consent, your personal information will not be shared with irrelevant people described when you provide the data information. Only with one exception as below:  Government and Law Enforcement We may access and/or disclose your personal information if we believe such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the law or legal process served on VideoProc; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of VideoProc (including the enforcement of our agreements); or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of VideoProc or members of the public.  How to Change or Delete Your Information  On condition that you'd like to alter, update or delete your personal information, like your software licensed email address, your newsletter subscriptions, etc. please feel free to contact us. VideoProc will reply to your request as soon as possible. However, some information may remain in archived/backup copies to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.  With respect to the information handled by our third-party partners, you have the right to access, correct, change or delete the inaccurate data. At this moment you should contact our third-party partners directly to process your request on their platforms, since VideoProc is not the controller of those information.  How to Change Cookie Preferences in Browsers  You may change your browser's settings to delete cookies that have already been set or to reject new cookies. Visit the help pages of your browser for guides:  Firefox: change cookie settings in Firefox  Chrome: clear, enable, and manage cookies in Chrome  Safari: manage cookies and website data in Safari  Microsoft Edge: delete and manage cookies in Edge  Internet Explorer: clear cookies, browsing history in Internet Explorer  VideoProc does not knowingly collect information about or targeted at children under the age of 13. It's recommended that parents or legal guardians supervise their children's online browsing and instruct their children not to provide personal information to websites or products without their permission, thus help to enforce the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).  VideoProc will update this Policy if any changes occur in our services or customer feedback. We encourage customers to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how VideoProc is protecting your information. In addition, please feel free to contact us if you have questions about this Privacy Policy, and we will promptly remedy the problem.  Home | Company | Contact us | Partner | Policy | Agreement | News center | Video Processing Tips  Copyright © 2021 Digiarty Software, Inc. All rights reserved  Any third party product names and trademarks used in this website are property of their respective owners. All the related logos and images, including but not limited to Apple's iPhone®, iPod®, iPad®, iTunes® and Mac® are registered trademarks of their own. Digiarty Software, Inc. is not owned by or affiliated with Apple Inc. and any of those companies.  By using our site, you accept VideoProc License Agreement and Privacy Policy I ACCEPT