Privacy policy | The Move Market  This Privacy Notice describes our collection, use, disclosure, retention and protection of your personal information. It applies to any site of The Move Market where this Privacy Notice appears in the footer, and to any application by The Move Market, service, or tool (collectively "Services") where this Privacy Notice is referenced, regardless of how you access or use them, including through mobile devices.  By using our Services and/or registering for an account with us, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Notice and our User Agreement, and you are consenting to our collection, use, disclosure, retention and protection of your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice. If you do not provide the information we require, we may not be able to provide all of our Services to you.  You are contracting with Property Platform Solutions Ltd, International House, 24 Holborn Viaduct, London, EC1A 2BN, United Kingdom trading as The Move Market.  The company you are contracting with is your data controller, and is responsible for the collection, use, disclosure, retention and protection of your personal information in accordance with our global privacy standards as well as any applicable national laws. Your data controller may transfer data to other members of the Property Platform Solutions Ltd. corporate family as described in this Privacy Notice. We may process and retain your personal information on our servers in the UK and elsewhere in the world where our data centres are located.  "Personal information" is information that can be associated with a specific person and could be used to identify that specific person whether from that data or from other information that Property Platform Solutions Ltd. has or is likely to have access to. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used to identify a specific person, whether in combination with other information or otherwise.  Changes to this Privacy Notice  We may amend this Privacy Notice at any time by posting the amended terms on this site. All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are posted. We will announce any material changes to this Privacy Notice through email.  We collect, process and retain personal information from you and any devices (including mobile devices) you may use when you: use our Services, register for an account with us, provide us information on a web form, update or add information to your account, participate in community discussions, chats, or dispute resolution, or when you otherwise correspond with us regarding our Services.  The personal information we collect includes the following:  Personal information you give us when you use our Services or register for an account with us  Identifying information such as your name, addresses, telephone numbers or email addresses when you register for an account with us  Bidding, buying or selling information you provide during a transaction, or other transaction-based content that you generate or that is connected to your account as a result of a transaction you are involved in  Other content that you generate, or that is connected to your account (such as asking questions on listings and what properties you look up)  In some instances, when you use our Services, you may provide age and gender  You may also provide us other information through a web form, by updating or adding information to your account, through your participation in community discussions, chats, dispute resolution, or when you otherwise correspond with us regarding our Services  Additional information we are required or authorized by applicable national laws to collect and process in order to authenticate or identify you or to verify the information we have collected  Personal information we collect automatically when you use our Services or register for an account with us  We also collect information about your interaction with our Services, your advertising preferences and your communications with us. This is information we receive from the devices (including mobile devices) you use when you use our Services, register for an account with us, provide us information on a web form, update or add information to your account, participate in community discussions, chats, or dispute resolution, or when you otherwise correspond with us regarding our Services. This information comprises the following: Device ID or unique identifier, device type, ID for advertising and unique device token  Geo-location information, including location information from your mobile device. Keep in mind that most mobile devices allow you to control or disable the use of location services by any application on your mobile device in the device's settings' menu  Computer and connection information such as statistics on your page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, your IP address, your browsing history and your web log information  Personal information we collect using cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies  We use cookies, web beacons, unique identifiers and similar technologies to collect information about the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on our Services, within our advertising or e-mail content. For more information about our use of these technologies and how to control them, see our notice on Cookies, Web Beacons and Similar Technologies.  Personal information from other sources  We may supplement the information we collect with information from third parties and add it to your account information. For example, we may collect and use demographic information that is publicly available, additional contact information, credit check information and information from credit bureaus, as allowed by applicable national laws  We may allow you to share information with social media sites, or use social media sites to create your account or to connect your account with the respective social media site. Those social media sites may give us automatically access to certain personal information retained by them about you (e.g., content viewed by you, content liked by you and information about the advertisements you have been shown or may have clicked on). You control the personal information you allow us to have access to through the privacy settings on the applicable social media site and the permissions you give us when you grant us access to your personal information retained by the respective social media site about you. By associating an account managed by a social media site with your account and authorizing us to have access to this information, you agree that we may collect, use and retain the information provided by these social media sites in accordance with this Privacy Notice  If you give us personal information about someone else, you must do so only with their explicit and prior consent. You have to inform them how we collect, use, disclose and retain their personal information according to our Privacy Notice.  We use the personal information we collect to: provide and improve our Services, to provide you with a personalized experience on our sites (especially, by offering you services and items that you may like), to contact you about your account and our Services, to provide you customer service, to provide you with personalized advertising and marketing, and to detect, prevent, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities. We may use and retain your personal information as follows:  Provide, improve and personalize our Services  Provide access to and use of our Services.  Offer you site content that includes items and services that you may like.  Keep track of properties you’re interested in and questions you have asked.  Give you access to your bids, questions and other features  Provide you with offers and opportunities on behalf of other members of Property Platform Solutions Ltd. corporate family and their financial institution partners, keeping in mind we do not share any financial information with them without your explicit consent.  Customize, measure and improve our Services  Provide other services requested by you as described when we collect the information  We may use geo-location information to provide you with location based services (such as advertising, search results and other personalized content)  Contact you about your account and provide you customer service  Contact you to notify you regarding your account, to troubleshoot problems with your account, to resolve a dispute, to poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires, or as otherwise necessary to provide you customer service.  Contact you as necessary to enforce our User Agreement, applicable national laws and any agreement we may have with you.  For these purposes we may contact you via email, telephone, text messages and postal mail. When contacting you via telephone, to ensure efficiency, we may use autodialed or pre-recorded calls and text messages as described in our User Agreement. Message and data rates may apply.  Personalize our advertising and marketing communications  Personalize, measure and improve our advertising based on your advertising customization preferences  Contact you, either via email, telephone, text messages or postal mail in order to: offer you coupons, discounts and special promotions and inform you about our Services and those of Property Platform Solutions Ltd. corporate family. We will use the contact information you have provided to contact you by email, SMS text and/or telephone if you have consented to such contact. Message and data rates may apply  Deliver targeted marketing, service updates and promotional offers based on your communication preferences  Prevent, detect, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities  Prevent, detect, mitigate and investigate fraud, security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal activities  Enforce our Privacy Notice, our User Agreement or other policies  We retain your personal information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations. In addition, we may retain personal information from closed accounts to comply with national laws, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, enforce our User Agreement and take other actions permitted or required by applicable national laws. After it is no longer necessary for us to retain your personal information, we dispose of it in a secure manner according to our data retention and deletion policies.  You have a choice about how we use your personal information to communicate with you, to send you marketing information, how we provide you with customized and relevant advertising, and whether you want to stay signed into your account.  If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can unsubscribe from the link in the email you received or indicate your communication preferences within the direct communication from us. Keep in mind, we do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent.  If you do not wish to participate in our advertising personalization programs, you can opt out by following the directions provided within the applicable advertisement and/or by updating your cookie preferences. The effect of an opt-out will be to stop personalized advertising, but it will still allow the collection of information for certain purposes such as usage, research, analytics and internal online services operation purposes).  When you sign in to your account on our Services, we may give you the option to stay signed in to your account for a certain period of time. If you are using a public or shared computer, we encourage you not to choose to stay signed in. You or any other user of the computer/browser you signed in on will be able to view and access most parts of your account and take certain specific actions during this signed in period without any further authorization. The specific actions and account activities that you or any other user of this computer/browser may take include:  Ask questions about other property for sale  View your previous auction bids  Claim ownership of other properties  If you attempt to change your password, you will be asked to enter your password.  You can typically end your signed in session by either signing out and/or clearing your cookies. If you have certain browser privacy settings enabled, simply closing your browser may also end your signed in session. If you are using a public or shared computer you should sign out and/or clear your cookies when you are done using our Services in order to protect your account and your personal information.  If you withdraw your consent for the use or disclosure of your personal information for purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, you may not have access to all our Services and we might not be able to provide you all of the Services and customer support offered to our users and authorized under this Privacy Notice and our User Agreement.  We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date, and that you have the ability to access and make corrections to it. This includes the following:  You can see, review and change your personal information by signing in to your account. Please update your personal information immediately if it changes or is inaccurate  Once you make a public posting, you may not be able to change or remove it. Upon your request, we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible, based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable national laws  We will honour any statutory right you might have to access, modify or erase your personal information. To request access and to find out whether any fees may apply, if permitted by applicable national laws, please contact us. Where you have a statutory right to request access or request the modification or erasure of your personal information, we can still withhold that access or decline to modify or erase your personal information in some cases in accordance with applicable national laws, but will give you reasons if we do so  We may disclose your personal information to other members of the Property Platform Solutions Ltd. corporate family or to third parties. This disclosure may be required for us to provide and to provide you access to our Services, to comply with our legal obligations, to enforce our User Agreement, to facilitate our marketing and advertising activities, or to prevent, detect, mitigate and investigate fraudulent or illegal activities related to our Services. We minimize the amount of personal information we disclose to what is directly relevant and necessary to accomplish the specified purpose. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing and advertising purposes without your explicit consent.  We may disclose your personal information to the following parties and for the following purposes:  Property Platform Solutions Ltd. corporate family members, who may use it to:  provide joint content and services (such as registration, transactions and customer support)  help detect and prevent potentially fraudulent and illegal acts, violations of our User Agreement and data security breaches  guide decisions about their products, sites, applications, services, tools and marketing communications. Members of our Property Platform Solutions Ltd. corporate family will use your personal information to send you marketing communications only if you have consented to receive such communications from them  Service Providers and financial institution partners  Third party service providers who help us to provide our Services, assist us in providing customized advertising, to assist us with the prevention, detection, mitigation and investigation of potentially illegal acts, violations of our User Agreement, fraud and/or security breaches, bill collection, affiliate and rewards programs and other business operations  Third party financial institution partners who may offer financial products to you, for them to provide joint content and services (such as, registration, transactions and customer support). These third party financial institution partners will use your personal information to send you marketing communications only if you have requested their services  Law enforcement, legal proceedings and as authorized by law  to comply with our legal requirements, enforce our User Agreement, respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others, or protect anyone's rights, property or safety.  to law enforcement or governmental agencies, or authorized third-parties, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other of our users to legal liability. We will only disclose information we deem relevant to the investigation or inquiry, such as name, city, county, postcode, telephone number, email address, User ID, history, IP address, fraud complaints, bidding and listing history  to third parties involved in a legal proceeding, if they provide us with a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, or we otherwise believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss or to report suspected illegal activity  Other users of The Move Market as authorized by you or your use of our Services.  When transacting with another user, the other user may request and we may provide him/her with information about you necessary to complete the transaction, such as your name, account ID, email address, and contact details, or other information from you needed to promote the reliability and security of the transaction. The other user receiving your information is not allowed to use this information for purposes unrelated to the transaction, such as to contact you for marketing purposes, unless you have express consented to it. Contacting users with unwanted or threatening messages is a violation of our User Agreement.  If we were to merge with or be acquired by another company, we may share information with them in accordance with our global privacy standards. Should such an event occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Notice with respect to your personal information. If your personal information will be collected, used, disclosed or retained for any purposes not covered in this Privacy Notice, you will receive prior notification of the processing of your personal information for the new purposes.  We protect your information using technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration. Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres and information access authorization controls. If you believe your account has been abused, please contact us.  This section describes some additional important information related to your use of our Services. There are just a few more pieces of important privacy information related to your use of our Services that we need to cover:  When you share your personal information on our sites or applications – what happens?  Other users have access to the information you share on The Move Market. For example, other users can see your bids, purchases, properties for sale and associated questions/answers. Other users can also see any information you chose to share in your profile.  Your User ID is displayed throughout The Move Market and is available to the public. It is connected to all of your activity on The Move Market. Notices sent to other users about suspicious activity and notice violations on our sites refer to User IDs and specific listings. So if you associate your name with your User ID, the people to whom you have revealed your name will be able to personally identify your activities on The Move Market.  To help protect your privacy, we allow only limited access to other users' contact information as necessary to facilitate your transactions. However, when users are involved in a transaction, they have access to each other's name, User ID, email address and other contact.  How you should use the information you receive on The Move Market  When you are in a transaction with another user, we enable you to obtain or we may provide you with the personal information of the other user (such as his/her name, account ID, email address and contact details) to complete the transaction. We encourage you to inform the other user about your privacy practices and respect his/her privacy. In all cases, you must give the other user a chance to remove himself/herself from your database and give him/her a chance to review what information you have collected about them.  You may use the personal information that you have access to only for The Move Market transaction-related purposes, or for other services offered through The Move Market(such as  member-to-member communications), and for purposes expressly consented by the user to whom the information relates. Using personal information of other users that you have access to for any other purpose constitutes a violation of our User Agreement.  We do not tolerate abuse of our Services. You do not have permission to add other users to your mailing list (email or postal), call or send him/her text messages for commercial purposes, even if this user purchased something from you, unless the user has given his/her explicit consent. Sending unwanted or threatening email and text messages is against our User Agreement. Please contact us to report spam or spoof emails.  This Privacy Notice addresses only the use and disclosure of personal information we collect from you. If you disclose your information to others, or if you are directed to a third party website, their privacy notices and practices will apply.  We cannot guarantee the privacy or security of your information once you provide it to a third party and we encourage you to evaluate the privacy and security policies of your trading partner before entering into a transaction and choosing to share your information. This is true even where the third parties to whom you disclose personal information are bidders, buyers or sellers on our sites.  © 2021 - The Move Market - the better way to buy property  Property Platform Solutions Ltd trading as The Move Market  Registered in England and Wales company number 10854907 