Privacy Policy from Homebase Helping to Make Your House a Home | Homebase  Our partners and us collect data and use cookies, email pixels and similar tools to enhance your experience, analyse traffic and for ad personalisation and measurement. One such partner is Google. For more information see our cookie policy.  Enter your town or postcode  Homebase – Feels good to be home  Search for a product or brand...  There are currently no items in your basket.  Use the tab key or shift plus tab keys to move between the menu items. Use the enter key to expand submenu items.  Dust Sheets & Masking Tape  View All Sheds & Garden Buildings  View All BBQs & Outdoor Heating  Spas, Hot Tubs & Pools  Spas, Hot Tubs & Pools  Spas, Hot Tubs & Pools  Decorative Stone, Gravel and Chippings  View All Fencing, Decking & Landscaping  Homebase kids animal camping chair  Homebase kids animal camping chair  Book a free design appointment  Work Lights, Torches & Night Lights  Extension Leads, Adaptors & Timers  Electrical Cables & Cable Management  Dehumidifiers, Purifiers & Moisture Absorbers  Rubble Sacks & Bulk Bags  Staple, Nail & Rivet Guns  Wheelbarrows, Trolleys & Hand Trucks  Building, Hardware & Tools Deals  Enter your town or postcode  Home Delivery - Next and named day  Over 35,000 products - For your home and garden  Over 150 Stores - Open 7 days a week  Click & Collect - Ready within 1 hour  This Privacy Policy was last changed 11 March 2021By using the Homebase website, mobile website and Apps, you are agreeing to our Privacy  and Cookie policies1 - Who we areWe are HHGL Limited trading as Homebase (we/our/us) (Company number 00533033 with  registered office address Witan Gate House, 500-600 Witan Gate, Milton Keynes, United  Kingdom, MK9 1BA). This policy describes how we use your personal information. We respect your privacy and value the trust you place in us when you share your personal  information with us. This policy sets out how we, as Data Controller, collect, process, use and  disclose your personal information, why we use it, with whom we share it, the rights to which you  may be entitled and your choices about our use of your personal information.This policy covers our use of your personal information arising from use of this website as well as  buying / using our products and services. If you have any questions or need any further clarity  please get in touch via email to Data.Protection@Homebase.co.uk or via post to Head of  Legal, HHGL Limited, Witan Gate house, 500-600 Witan Gate, Milton Keynes, Bucks, MK9 1BA. 2 - Your informationData Collection and UsagePersonal Data includes any data that can identify you as a person, or be used in conjunction with  other information to identify you.We comply with all applicable laws in relation to data protection and privacy, including the Data  Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).  Information that you actively give us to set up an  address, email address, payment card address and phone number  Consent. You provide your consent when setting up an  account. You can withdraw this consent at any time.  We use this information to:  Information that you actively give us to make a  details including: your name, address, email address and phone number;  account or credit/debit card details;  Performance of contract. We cannot perform our sales  We use this information to:  Provide our products and services;  Manage and administer our services;  Take payment from or give you a refund;  Help us ensure that our customers are genuine and to  Information that you actively give us to subscribe to  our newsletter, receive information or mailings:  Consent. You must provide Consent to sign up to our  mailing lists. You can withdraw this Consent at any time. Please see below  section 4 for more information.  Provide our products and services;  Help us ensure that our customers are genuine and to  Send news on our offers, great value products and  Information that you actively give us to sign up for  a prize draw or competition:  details including: your name, address, email address and phone number (this  may include your social media account if that's the way you communicate with  Legitimate Interest. We need this information to  administer any prize draw competitions.  Each competition will have Terms and Conditions,  please consult them with any further questions.  Provide our products and services;  Manage and administer prize draws, competitions and  Take payment from or give you a refund;  Help us ensure that our customers are genuine and to  Information about the way you use our products and  we've provided or you've purchased;  opened electronic communications from us;  clicked on links in electronic communications from us.  Legitimate Interest. We use this information to  deliver quality service and tailor your experience.  We use this information to:  products and marketing that may be of interest to you;  Information that we collect through your use of our  information such as operating system, unique device identifiers, the mobile  visit and search engine terms you use;  Legitimate Interest. We use this information to  deliver quality service and tailor your experience.  We use this information to:  with the website and user's experience of it;  improvements to the user experience;  Information when you communicate with us whether in  person, through our website or via email, over the phone, through social  media or via any other medium, including:  details including: your name, address, email address and phone number (this  may include your social media account if that's the way you communicate with  your communications with us (including call recordings);  Legitimate Interest. We use this information to  We use this information, including to:  communications for quality and training purposes;  Information that we collect incidentally from other  sources or public sources, including:  presented on our social media timelines;  Performance of contract. We cannot perform our sales  We use this information, including to:  Information received from credit reference agencies  Fraud prevention and confirming your identity.  Information that you actively give us to sign up for  notifications when a product is back in stock:  Consent. By requesting an email when the item is back  in stock, you are consenting to us processing your data in that way.  Provide our products and services.  Homebase does not knowingly collect data from any unsupervised person under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you must not use the Homebase website or submit any Personal Data to us unless you have the consent of, and are supervised by, a parent or guardian.Legal requirementsYour personal information may also be processed if it is necessary on reasonable request by a  law enforcement or regulatory authority, body or agency or in the defence of a legal claim. We  will not delete personal information if relevant to an investigation or a dispute. It will continue to  be stored until those issues are fully resolved.How long we keep your informationWe will keep your information for as long as it is reasonably necessary or required by legislation.  It will depend on factors such as whether you have any outstanding purchases or have interacted  with recent offers.Information we shareThere are certain circumstances where we may transfer your Personal Data to contractors,  service providers, and to other parties. We may share information about you with other members of our group of companies so  we can provide the best service across our group. They are bound to keep your  information in accordance with this privacy policy.We may also share your information with certain contractors or service providers who  assist us in the provision of products and services we supply to you, are involved in prize  draws and competitions we run or provide other services to assist with our day to day  operations. They may process your Personal Data for us, for example, if we use a  marketing agency. Other recipient’s/service providers include manufacturers,  logistics/delivery providers, advertising agencies, IT specialists, database providers,  backup and disaster recovery specialists or email providers.Our suppliers and service providers will be required to meet our standards on processing  information and security. The information we provide them, including your information,  will only be provided in connection with the performance of their function. We may also share your information with certain third parties. We will do this either when  we receive your Consent or because we need them to see your information to provide  products or services to you. These include credit reference agencies, anti-fraud  databases, screening agencies and other partners we do business with.Your personal information may be transferred to other third party organisations in certain scenarios: If we're discussing selling or transferring part or all of our business – the information may  be transferred to prospective purchasers under suitable terms as to confidentiality; If we are reorganised or sold, information may be transferred to a buyer who can  continue to provide services to you; If we're required to by law, or under any regulatory code or practice we follow, or if we are  asked by any public or regulatory authority – for example the Police;  If we are defending a legal claim your information may be transferred as required in  connection with defending such claim.  Your Personal Data may be shared if it is made anonymous and aggregated, as in such  circumstances the information will cease to be personal data.Where your information will be heldOur offices are based in England and your data will be held on systems accessible by this office.We will only transfer data to jurisdictions outside the scope of the General Data Protection  Regulation (GDPR) where the appropriate safeguards set out in the GDPR are in place.  We are happy to provide you with copies of the regulator-approved standard contractual clauses,  which you can request from us using the contact details below.  3 - Your rightsData Subject RightsWe've listed the rights you have over your information and how you can use them below.These rights will only apply in certain circumstances. Some of these rights will not be available if  there are outstanding contracts between us, if we are required by law to keep the information or if  the information is relevant to a legal dispute.We will normally respond to or action (as applicable) requests within one month from receipt of  your request and relevant proof of identification. This period may be extended by 2 further  months if necessary taking into account the complexity or number of requests. If this is the case,  we will let you know within one month of your original request.In general, the information or action requested will be provided free of charge. However, if  requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive (or repetitive in nature) we may charge a fee (or  alternatively refuse to deal with the request).It is important that we establish that the individual right is being exercised by the correct person.  Therefore, we may need to ask you for information in order to verify your identity prior to  processing your request. This may include asking you to confirm certain details we hold about  you (such as post code or first line of your address) or to provide proof of identification.You have the right to make the following types of request regarding the Personal  Data Homebase holds about you:  Right of access (subject access requests) – the right to request a copy of the Personal Data (if any) that we have concerning you and supporting information explaining how your Personal Data is used.Right of rectification – the right to request that we rectify inaccurate or incomplete Personal Data concerning you.Right of erasure (right to be forgotten) – the right, in some situations, to delete your Personal Data.Right to restrict processing – the right, in some situations, to request that we do not use the Personal Data you have provided (e.g. if you believe it to be inaccurate). This is intended as a temporary right until the reason for such restriction has been resolved or rectified.Right to data portability – the right, in some situations, to request that we transmit your data to you or another entity.Right to object - the right to object to certain processing of your Personal Data (unless we have overriding compelling grounds to continue the processing) and the right to object to direct marketing/profiling In certain circumstances, we will be exempted from responding to certain requests. We will use these exemptions to the extent appropriate.The supervisory body for Data Protection in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office. They have information about your rights and how to enforce them, as well as processes for complaints.https://ico.org.uk/4 - Contact usHow to contact usIf you have any questions about this policy please contact our Legal team at Data.Protection@homebase.co.uk, or by writing to Head of Legal, HHGL, Witan Gate House, 500-600 Witan Gate, Central Milton Keynes, MK9 1BA.Want to be removed from the Homebase direct marketing list?If you want to be removed from our email mailing list, please email  data.protection@homebase.co.uk. In addition, each email we send you will contain details of  how you can unsubscribe. 5 - Changes to the policyThis policy may be changed from time to time and will be posted here. We encourage you to visit  this area frequently to stay updated.6 - Other policiesCookiesOur website uses cookies which are text files which contain small amounts of information that a  website can send to, and store on, your computer or device through your browser. Cookies may  be used by us to provide you with, for example, customised information from our website to make  our website more user-friendly. This may include, for example, remembering your postcode for  you so you don’t have to re-enter it every time you check the stock levels for an item you are  interested in.In addition, cookies allow us to understand who has seen which pages and advertisements, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our website.We are required to provide you with clear and comprehensive information about the cookies which we use on the site and to obtain your Consent to the use of cookies. In order to comply with these requirements we have prepared a cookie policy setting out information about cookies, detailing the cookies we use and providing information on how to manage cookies on your computer.By using the Homebase website and mobile website, you are agreeing to our cookie policy and  Consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies by us and our carefully selected third  party partners as described in our cookie policy. If you do not agree to such use, please see the  'Managing your cookies' section for details on how to adjust your settings.  For more information about cookies, the types of cookies we use and how we use them please see our Cookie Policy.SecurityWe are committed to keeping your personal information safe. We've got appropriate physical,  technical and administrative measures in place to protect your information against accidental or  unauthorised destruction, loss, access or alteration.  7 - GlossaryData Controller:The person or organisation that determines when, why and how to process Personal Data. It is responsible for establishing practices and policies in line with the GDPR. We are the Controller of all Personal Data relating to our Company Personnel and Personal Data used in our business for our own commercial purposes.Personal Data:Any information identifying a Data Subject or information relating to a Data Subject that we can identify (directly or indirectly) from that data alone or in combination with other identifiers we possess or can reasonably access. Personal Data includes Special Categories of Personal Data and Pseudonymised Personal Data but excludes anonymous data or data that has had the identity of an individual permanently removed. Personal data can be factual (for example, a name, email address, location or date of birth) or an opinion about that person's actions or behaviour.Consent:Agreement which must be freely given, specific, informed and be an unambiguous indication of the Data Subject's wishes by which they, by a statement or by a clear positive action, signify agreement to the Processing of Personal Data relating to them.Legitimate Interest:Means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your Personal Data for our Legitimate Interests.Performance of Contract:Means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.  Sign up to our newsletter and receive the latest exclusive discount and deals  2021 © The Hut.com Ltd. 