We use cookies to allow us and selected partners to improve your experience and our advertising. By continuing to browse you consent to our use of cookies. You can understand more and change your cookies preferences here.  Skip to main contentSkip to searchGo to Which? homepageTechnology  Get our free monthly Tech newsletter for expert advice, news, deals and stuff the manuals don’t tell you.  Know your rights - shopping  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on technology  Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation  Contact the helpline for jargon-free technical support.  Simple tutorials on our tech advice website.  Get our free monthly Tech newsletter for expert advice, news, deals and stuff the manuals don’t tell you.  Get our free monthly Tech newsletter for expert advice, news, deals and stuff the manuals don’t tell you.  Know your rights - shopping  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on technology  Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Wireless, smart & Bluetooth speakers  Get our free monthly Tech newsletter for expert advice, news, deals and stuff the manuals don’t tell you.  Know your rights - shopping  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on technology  Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Get our free monthly Tech newsletter for expert advice, news, deals and stuff the manuals don’t tell you.  Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on technology  Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Know your rights - cars  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on motoring  Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Get our free monthly Tech newsletter for expert advice, news, deals and stuff the manuals don’t tell you.  Know your rights - shopping  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on technology  Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Get our free monthly Tech newsletter for expert advice, news, deals and stuff the manuals don’t tell you.  Broadband, mobile & TV services  Broadband, mobile & TV services  How to switch broadband provider  Contact the Which? Tech Support Helpline for jargon-free technical support  Get our free monthly Tech newsletter for expert advice, news, deals and stuff the manuals don’t tell you.  Know your rights - broadband, phone & TV services  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Smart speakers and smart displays  It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch.  Know your rights - energy  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Get our free monthly Tech newsletter for expert advice, news, deals and stuff the manuals don’t tell you.  Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.  It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch.  Know your rights - Home appliances  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Know your rights - Shopping  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on home & energy  Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.  Know your rights - Shopping  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on home & energy  Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Our free monthly newsletter shows you what to do to make more of your garden.  Make the most of your garden for only £5 a month.  Find simple solutions to your gardening questions.  Washing powder and laundry detergent  Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.  It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch.  Know your rights - Home appliances  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Heating, energy & air treatment  Heating, energy & air treatment  Gas and electric fires and stoves  Saving money on your energy bills  Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) explained  Ground and air source heat pumps  Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.  It's easy to compare and switch suppliers with Which? Switch.  Know your rights - home appliances  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Know your rights - Shopping  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on home & energy  Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Boxing Day and January sales  Know your rights - Shopping  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on food & drink  Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Our free monthly Food & Health newsletter can help you shop savvy, eat well and stay healthy.  Gas and electric fires and stoves  Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.  Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch.  Know your rights - Home & property  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Burglar alarms and home security  Get the job done with a choice of thousands of endorsed Which? Trusted Traders.  Know your rights - Home & property  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on home & energy  Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Know your rights - Shopping  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Our free monthly Food & Health newsletter can help you shop savvy, eat well and stay healthy.  Learn about later life care  Get free, practical guidance on care choices and how to finance them with Which? Later Life Care.  Know your rights - Shopping  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on health  Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Scottish and Northern Irish property systems  Find the best high-street estate agents by comparing their past performance and fees.  Get help with money matters  Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions.  Join the conversation on money  Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Get help with money matters  Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions.  Know your rights - money  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  How to deal with debt  0% Balance Transfer Credit Cards  0% Balance Transfer & Purchase Cards  Credit Cards For Bad Credit  Get help with money matters  Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.  Know your rights - money  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Get help with money matters  Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.  Smart protection, tailored to you.  Get the right life insurance, income protection or critical illness policy from Which? Insurance Advisers  Starting to plan your retirement  Options for cashing in your pensions  You're retired: working on, benefits, equity release  Get help with money matters  Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions.  Know your rights - pensions  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Learn about later life care  Get free, practical guidance on care choices and how to finance them with Which? Later Life Care.  Student and graduate bank accounts  Banking security and payment methods  Get help with money matters  Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.  Know your rights - money  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on money  Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Saving money on your energy bills  Save some money or get a better service with Which? Switch.  Get help with money matters  Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.  Know your rights - money  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Get help with money matters  Expert, unbiased information and guidance to help make the best financial decisions.  Know your rights - money  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on money  Get involved - talk about the consumer issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Make your will online with Which? Wills - it's quick, easy, and affordable.  Get help with money matters  Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.  Subscribe to Which? Money magazine  Sign up for our free money newsletter  Listen to The Which? Money Podcast  Baby carriers and baby slings  Know your rights - parenting  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on parenting  Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Expecting a baby? Sign up for free advice and support at each stage of pregnancy and into parenthood.  Know your rights - parenting  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on parenting  Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Expecting a baby? Sign up for free advice and support at each stage of pregnancy and into parenthood.  Know your rights - parenting  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on parenting  Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Expecting a baby? Sign up for free advice and support at each stage of pregnancy and into parenthood.  Get help with money matters  Call the Which? Money Helpline for guidance on everything from tax to travel insurance.  Know your rights - parenting  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Expecting a baby? Sign up for free advice and support at each stage of pregnancy and into parenthood.  Expecting a baby? Sign up for free advice and support at each stage of pregnancy and into parenthood.  Know your rights - parenting  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on parenting  Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  PS, kW and bhp converter  Test drive a used car  Step-by-step legal guidance on cars and motoring  Sign up to Which? Legal for full telephone support from our experts to put you on the right track.  Know your rights - cars  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on motoring  Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Step-by-step legal guidance on travel  Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small.  Know your rights - travel  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Our free monthly newsletter can help you plan better holidays with insider advice, money-saving tips and destination inspiration.  Our legal experts have created scores of template complaint letters to help you get results.  Guides to key consumer legislation to help you get results if things go wrong.  Chlorinated chicken and other food products made to lower standards could soon be imported into the UK unless we act now.  Billions are owed to passengers for trips cancelled by coronavirus – demand airlines and holiday companies stop breaking the law and refund you.  Join us in calling on the government, regulators and businesses to confront scams head on.  Demand big online marketplaces take more action on fake reviews, which cost UK consumers billions a year. End fraudulent reviews.  Exploitative sellers are profiting from the coronavirus crisis, hiking prices of essential items. The government must intervene.  New rules mean more choice as you approach retirement. Join our call for better pensions.  Are you getting the broadband speed you were promised? Use our tool to find out.  Dangerous products are putting millions of people at risk. Sign our petition to demand action now.  Freedom to pay. Our way.  Cash is a necessity millions couldn’t live without, we’re concerned some people may be left behind. Sign our petition to protect cash.  Trade deals and our future  New trade deals will decide how we all live and how well. It’s essential the government gets them right.  PS, kW and bhp converter  Test drive a used car  Step-by-step legal guidance on cars and motoring  Sign up to Which? Legal for full telephone support from our experts to put you on the right track.  Know your rights - cars  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Join the conversation on motoring  Talk about the burning issues that matter to you at Which? Conversation.  Step-by-step legal guidance on travel  Sign up to Which? Legal for clear, step-by-step advice on problems big and small.  Know your rights - travel  Find out where you stand with Which? Consumer Rights.  Our free monthly newsletter can help you plan better holidays with insider advice, money-saving tips and destination inspiration.  My account, subscriptions & billing  Do you know your consumer rights?  Navigate around Which? Search Which?  My account My accountMy accountHello View accountLog outMy accountLog inJoin  My account, subscriptions & billing  If you want to cancel your membership, just follow the instructions here.  How we use any personal information we collect about you.  Which? Financial Services privacy notice  How we use any personal information we collect about you when you use our financial services.  Our cookie policy and your preferences  How Which? uses cookies and what they are. You can understand more and change your cookies preferences here.  If you wish to make a complaint about our products, services or activities, you can find our complaints handling procedures here.  How and why Which? uses affiliate links. 