FREE - In Google Play!  Business customers | Personal customers  Go to the Route planner  Keep your show on the road  Even when the unexpected happens. Become a Member today from just £6 a month  What to do if you break down  What to do after a car accident  Put the wrong fuel in?  Tell us about your problem and track your rescue.  Ask us about your cover  How to change a tyre  How to jump start a car  How to clean your windscreen  MOTs and services with Smart Care  We’ll take care of everything when you book with Smart Care, and you’ll get AA approved garages and a 1 year guarantee.  How to get cheap insurance  Why get a dash cam?  Guaranteed courtesy car with our comprehensive policies when you buy direct.  Defaqto Star rated home insurance  Contact us about your renewal  How to get cheap insurance  Why get a dash cam?  Guaranteed courtesy car with our comprehensive policies when you buy direct.  What to do after an accident  How to claim for pothole damage  Set service and MOT reminders  How to clean your windscreen  MOTs and services with Smart Care  We’ll take care of everything when you book with Smart Care, and you’ll get AA approved garages and a 1 year guarantee.  Search used cars for sale  How to sell your car  Through our vehicle checks and approved dealer network, AA Cars helps you buy with confidence.  Search new cars to lease  Search electric cars to lease  Contact us about your Smart Lease  With insurance, vehicle tax and servicing included, it's the simplest way to drive a new car.  How to pass your theory test  Book lessons and top up your account.  If you're thinking about changing your car, giving your home a new lease of life, or just want to consolidate your borrowing – a loan with us could help.  Finance for buying a car  Cash ISA - Member Easy Access  Cash ISA - Easy Access  Cash ISA - Fixed Rate  Route planner and traffic news  Buy kits, guides and atlases  Route planner and traffic news  Route planner and traffic news  Shop for winter driving kit  European driving laws by country  New driving laws in France  Shop for driving in Europe travel kits  Buy kits, guides and atlases  Buy kits, guides and atlases  Driving test and highway code  Leisure and places to stay  Log in to see your policy documents, keep tabs on renewal dates and check your cover level.  Get 50% off your MOT with Smart Care  Get eyecare discounts at Vision Express  Get 20% off at Greene King pubs  Get 10% off in-store at Halfords  Download our app for benefits near you  Benefits to keep you moving  Enjoy discounts on restaurants, days out, car care and more.  Download the app to report and track a breakdown quickly, find Member benefits near you, and more.  Need help with your cover?  Contact us about your renewal  Help setting up your account  Car or home insurance customer?  Log in or register to manage your account online  Manage your travel currency card  Log in to your account to book lessons, access your online learning material and recommend a friend.  Let our instructors guide you to success  Go to the Route planner  Business customers | Personal customers  How we keep your information safe  Where we spell out what information we collect and how we use it.  Find out how we use cookies and how you can manage them.  Discover what our website does (and doesn't) do, and how you can contact us.  You'll find them here - as well as in the 'Hub' section of the app.  About targeted ads, why we might have contacted you, and more.  Got a question about data protection or want to opt out of marketing messages?  Need to make a Data Subject Access Request? Use our online form. 