Start typing a product name or number, as an example, Mindset  Coral Club respects your individual privacy. This “Privacy Policy” sets forth our adherence to the highest industry standards for the protection of your personal information. By visiting Coral Club’s web site(s) (“Site”) or using any of the services offered on the Site, visitors of the Site (“you”) acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy is effective as of October 1st, 2014 and applies to information collected through the Site and covers the following areas:  What personally identifiable information is collected by Coral Club through the Site;  How Coral Club uses this information;  With whom Coral Club may share this information;  What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control; and  How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.  2. Information Collection and Use  Coral Club collects information on the Site at two different stages. First, we collect anonymous, aggregate information (such as domain name or IP address) from all visitors to the Site. This type of information is never linked to any personally identifiable information and is only used in the aggregate to generate statistical reports about the use of the Site.  Second, we require the submission of certain personally identifiable information when you use the services available on the Site. For example, your use of your username and password allows us to identify you as a Customer of Coral Club® products. We also collect billing and payment information such as your name, postal and email addresses.  3. Personal Information of Children Under 13  Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, Coral Club does not sell, rent, or share user information to or with any third party not affiliated with or owned by Coral Club, except service providers who may assist Coral Club in areas such as data storage, payment processing, account collection, etc. Coral Club will never give or sell your personal information to be used for the purposes of sending you unsolicited commercial offers (such as spam) from any third party. Coral Club will not use your personal information to send you unsolicited commercial offers. However, we may need to contact you for purposes other than marketing, as for example regarding the status of the Site, your account or other matters related to your role as a Customer of Coral Club® products. You may not opt-out of these kinds of communications. If you wish to unsubscribe from our marketing emails, please follow the directions in the emails.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, we may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering live chat customer support. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide such services to us.  4. Use of Aggregate Information  We store information that we collect through log files to create a profile of our users. Log files record anonymous internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. For purposes of clarity and the avoidance of doubt, IP addresses, etc.; are not linked to personally identifiable information. An anonymous profile stores information detailing how individual users use the Site. It is used solely for internal purposes; to help us improve the experience of our users. We do not share your profile with any third parties.  A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on the site. We do link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on the site.  We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file.  We set a persistent cookie to store your valid login, so you do not have to login more than once. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on the site. If you reject cookies, you may still use the site, but your ability to use some areas of the site will be limited.  The use of cookies by our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, service providers is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company, and service providers use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the site.  We employ, or our third party advertising partner employs, a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on the site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to a user’s personally identifiable information.  We use local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies, to store your preferences such as volume control or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit. Third Parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information.  Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here:http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html#117118  Disclosure of Personal Information in Connection with Marketing Program  As a network marketing company, Coral Club discloses certain of the Personal Information of its registered customers and Distributors as follows:  Invite a Friend. If a Coral Club Distributor invites family or friends to join the Coral Club network or to attend a Coral Club home party, Coral Club will send an email on such individual’s behalf to the indicated recipient. Such individual’s name and email address will appear in the “From” line of such email.  Lead Assignment and Distributor Locator Features. Coral Club occasionally will assign prospective sales and new Distributor leads to Distributors. In these cases, we will provide the lead with the appropriate Distributor’s name and contact information and/or provide a distributor with the prospective lead’s name and contact information. In addition, Coral Club has a Distributor Locator feature on its website. Pursuant to this feature, a prospective customer or new Distributor can locate a nearby Coral Club Distributor. In order to make the Distributor Locator feature and the lead assignments effective, the company will provide the prospective customer or new Distributor with the Distributor’s name and contact information, which may include his/her telephone number, address, and/or email address.  To help Distributors in Coral Club’s network marketing program manage their independent businesses, we provide the sponsor and other upline Coral Club Distributors with each Distributor’s and registered customer’s name, Coral Club rank, address, telephone number, and email address as well as data relating to sales and recruitment activity through the Back-Office to the Website.  7. Disclosure of Personal Information As Required By Law  We will disclose personal information when required by law, or if we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on us, (b) protect and defend our rights, or (c) protect the rights, property, and other interests of our users or others.  In the event Coral Club goes through a business transition or a transfer, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of a portion of its assets, or in the unlikely event that Coral Club goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, our users’ personal information may be part of the assets transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Coral Club or its assets may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.  The Site contains links to other web sites. Coral Club is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Site.  Coral Club takes commercially reasonable precautions to protect your information. When you enter sensitive information on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using Secure Socket Layer technology (often referred to as “SSL”). However, given the nature of the Internet and the fact that network security measures are not infallible, we cannot guarantee the security of your information.  We also make an effort to protect your information off-line. All of a users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. All employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Finally, the servers that store your personally identifiable information are housed in a secure environment.  When registering for access to a secure area of the Site, we will ask you to select a username and password. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. We will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. Also, remember to sign out of the registered site and close your browser window when you have finished your work. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence when accessing your computer.  11. Correcting, Updating, Deleting and Deactivating Personal Information  If your personally identifiable information changes, you may contact us to correct, upd ate or delete and deactivate our record of your personally identifiable information. We will respond to requests for access to personal information within 30 calendar days.  We will retain and use your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, needed to resolve disputes, and needed to enforce our agreements. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services - contact us.  With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you want your testimonial removed please contact us at the contact information se t forth below.  If Coral Club decides to change the Privacy Policy, it will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we collect, and how we might use or disclose that information. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be considered effective immediately after the changes are posted on the Site.  For further information about this site or Coral Club products, please contact us.  We use Cookies to help make your visits more effective. By using the site you agree and accept the terms of this Cookies Policy.  The product has been added to the cart  The product has been added to the cart  1999 - 2021 © Coral Club. All rights reserved  Thank you, your message has been sent!  Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us  Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us  Thank you!We will contact you very soon.