Thank you for using our products and services (“Services”). These Services are provided by Stream2watch.  By using our Services, you are agreeing to these following terms. Please read them very carefully.  We offer diverse Services, therefore additional terms and/or product requirements (including age requirements) may apply occasionally. Any additional terms will be available with their respective Services. If you use those Services those additional terms become part of your agreement with us.  You are required to follow all policies made available to you within the Services.  Do not misuse our Services. For example, don’t interfere with our Services or try to access them using a method other than our interfaces and the instructions that we provide. You may only use our Services as permitted by USA law and USA regulations. We reserve the right to suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you fail to comply with our terms or policies, or if we are investigating suspected misconduct.  By using our Services you do not gain ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Services or the content you access. You may not use content from our Services unless you obtain permission from its owner or are otherwise permitted by law. These terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in our Services. Never remove, alter, or obscure any legal notices displayed in, or along with, our Services. Our Services display some content that is not Stream2watch’s. This content is the sole responsibility of the entity that makes it available. We may review content to determine whether it is illegal or violates our policies, and we may remove or refuse to display content that we reasonably believe violates our policies or the law. However, this does not necessarily mean that we review all content, so please don’t assume that we do.  Some of our Services are made available on mobile devices. Please do not use such Services in a way that distracts you and/or prevents you from obeying traffic or safety laws.  Stream2watch will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement, according to the process set out in the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act.  When you upload, submit, store, send or receive content to or through our Services, you give Stream2watch (and third parties we work with) a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes we make so that your content works better with our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content. The rights you grant in this license are for the limited purpose of operating, promoting, and improving our Services, and to develop new ones. This license will continue even if you stop using our Services. Some Services may offer you the means to access and remove content that has been provided to that Service. Also, in some of our Services there are terms or settings that narrow the scope of our use of the content submitted in those Services. You must have the necessary rights to grant us this license for any content that you submit to our Services.  Our automated systems may analyze your content. This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is stored.  If you willingly submit feedback or suggestions about our Services, we reserve the right to use that feedback or suggestions with  About Software in our Services  You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our Services or included software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our written permission.  Open-source software is important to us. Some software used in our Services may be offered under an open-source license that will be made available to you by Streamgaroo. There may be provisions in the open-source license that expressly override some of these terms.  Modifying and Terminating our Services  We are constantly changing and working to improve our Services. Therefore, we may add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop a Service altogether.  You can stop using our Services at any time, although we obviously prefer you do not choose that option. Streamgaroo may also stop providing Services to you, or add or create new limits to our Services at any time.  We work to provide our Services to you using a reasonable level of skill and care and we truly hope that you will enjoy using them. However, there are certain things that we can not and will not promise about our Services.  OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THESE TERMS OR ADDITIONAL TERMS, NEITHER Stream2watch NOR ITS SUPPLIERS OR DISTRIBUTORS MAKE ANY SPECIFIC PROMISES ABOUT THE SERVICES. FOR EXAMPLE, WE DON’T MAKE ANY COMMITMENTS ABOUT THE CONTENT WITHIN THE SERVICES, THE SPECIFIC FUNCTIONS OF THE SERVICES, OR THEIR RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, OR ABILITY TO MEET YOUR NEEDS. WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES “AS IS”.SOME JURISDICTIONS PROVIDE FOR CERTAIN WARRANTIES, LIKE THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXCLUDE ALL WARRANTIES.  WHEN PERMITTED BY LAW, Stream2watch.sx, AND SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, OR DATA, FINANCIAL LOSSES, OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES.  IN ALL CASES, Stream2watch.sx, AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND DISTRIBUTORS, WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE THAT IS NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE.  Business uses of our Services  If you are using our Services on behalf of a business, that business accepts these terms. It will hold harmless and indemnify Streamgaroo and its affiliates, officers, agents, and employees from any claim, suit or action arising from or related to the use of the Services or violation of these terms, including any liability or expense arising from claims, losses, damages, suits, judgments, litigation costs and attorneys’ fees.  We may modify these terms, or any additional terms, that apply to a Service, for example, reflect changes to the law or changes to our Services. Streamgaroo recommends you look at these terms regularly. We will post notice of modifications to these terms on this page. We’ll post notice of modified additional terms in the applicable Service. Changes will not apply retroactively and will become effective no sooner than fourteen days after they are posted. However, changes addressing new functions for a Service or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately. If you do not agree to the modified terms for a Service, you should discontinue your use of that Service.  If there is a conflict between these terms and the additional terms, the additional terms will take priority for that conflict.  These terms control the relationship between Stream2watch and you. They do not create any third-party beneficiary rights.  If you do not comply with these terms, and we don’t take action right away, this doesn’t mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have (such as taking action in the future).  If it turns out that a particular term is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms.  USA laws will apply to any disputes arising out of, or relating to, these terms or the Services. All claims arising out of, or relating to, these terms or the Services will be litigated exclusively in Russian courts, and you and Stream2watch consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts. 