Samsung Cookie Policy | Samsung UK  Welcome to the ! Please enjoy our special offers for you  Number of products : 0  Back to 1 Depth Menu  Galaxy S21 | S21+ 5G  Galaxy Z Fold3 | Flip3 5G  Back to 1 Depth Menu  What Size TV Should I Get?  The Premiere 4K Triple Laser  Claim up to £500 cashback when you buy a selected Neo QLED TV¹⁸  Back to 1 Depth Menu  New Energy Efficiency Label Ratings  Top picks for a healthy home  BESPOKE Refrigerators, Designed for you, by you.  Back to 1 Depth Menu  2TB Portable Solid State Drive  256GB Evo Plus Micro SD  Back to 1 Depth Menu  Back to 1 Depth Menu  Split Your Screen, Double Up the Fun  Shoot and Watch in 8K  Turn your TV for Livecast  Split Your Screen, Double Up the Fun  See Who's at the Door from TV  Check Every Corner of Your House on TV  Answer the Door from Your Fridge  Check the Fridge from Anywhere  Freshen up your outfit everyday  Back to 1 Depth Menu  Laptop trade in now available  Back to 1 Depth Menu  Energy efficient solutions for a sustainable future  Back to 1 Depth Menu  Back to 1 Depth Menu  Repair Guides and Spare Parts  Useful guide to use Galaxy S20 series  Back to 1 Depth Menu  Register your business for 10% off  Number of products : 0  Sorry this item is out of stock  Code not valid with this product  Are you sure to remove this product?  I have read and agree to the Samsung.com Privacy Policy  Tick this box to proceed to Samsung.com.  By ticking this box, I accept Samsung Service Updates, including : Samsung.com Services and marketing information, new product and service announcements as well as special offers, events and newsletters.  Help us to make recommendations for you by telling us what you like  What are you looking for?  This Cookie Policy describes the different types of cookies that may be used in connection with the website owned or controlled by Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd (Korea), Samsung Electronics UK Limited (together “Samsung Electronics”). This Policy also describes how you can manage cookies.  It’s important that you check back often for updates to the Policy as we may change it from time to time to reflect changes to our use of cookies. Please check the date at the top of this page to see when this Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Policy will become effective when we make the revised Policy available on our website.  Samsung Electronics has offices across Europe, so we can ensure that your request or query will be handled by the data protection team based in your region. If you have any questions, the easiest way to contact us is through our Privacy Support Page at https://www.samsung.com/request-desk .  You can also contact us at:  Samsung House, 2000 Hillswood Drive, Chertsey, Surrey KT16 0RS, UK  You may exercise your privacy rights as set out in the Privacy Policy. For more information on privacy, please refer to our privacy policy.  Cookies are small files that store information on your computer, TV, mobile phone, or other device. They enable the entity that put the cookie on your device to recognise you across different websites, services, devices, and/or browsing sessions. Cookies serve many useful purposes.  •    Cookies can remember your sign-in credentials so you don’t have to enter those credentials each time you log on to a service.  •    Cookies help us and third parties understand which parts of our Services are the most popular because they help us to see which pages and features visitors are accessing and how much time they are spending on the pages. By studying this kind of information, we are better able to adapt the services on our website and provide you with a better experience.  •    Cookies help us and third parties understand which ads you have seen so that we can tailor a more relevant communication and service to you.  •    Cookies help us and third parties provide you with relevant content and advertising by collecting information about your use of our Services and other websites and apps.  When you access the website, you will be asked to accept all cookies on our Cookies Management Tool, which have been categorized into ‘types’ outlined in more detail below. This tool will also allow you to configure your preferences to accept certain cookies, if you do not want to accept all cookies. You can also configure your preferences in your browser settings which will affect the cookies that you will see on our Cookies Management Tool (for example, you may not be able to see third party cookies). Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. The operating system of your device may contain additional controls for cookies.  Please note, however, that some aspects of our website are designed to work using cookies and that disabling cookies may affect your ability to use those aspects of our website, or certain parts of them. For more information on how your preferences will impact our website functionality, please refer to our Cookies Management Tool: Cookie Preferences.  We use the following types of cookies on our website:  Essential Cookies: enable you to receive the services you request via our website. Without these cookies, services that you have asked for cannot be provided. For example, essential cookies enable us to remember the items you place in the shopping basket so you can order products. These cookies are automatically enabled and cannot be turned off because they are essential to enable you to browse our website. Without these cookies our website and e-store services could not be provided.  We will use these type of cookies for a period of 13 months.  Performance Cookies: enable us to analyse the performance and design of our website and detect errors. For example, this type of cookie enables us to recognise that you have visited our website before and shows which sections of our website are most popular by allowing us to see which pages visitors access most frequently and how much time visitors spend on each page. We use, without limitation, Google Analytics, Adobe, and similar analytics cookies to achieve this.  For example, the information generated by the cookie about the use of the website will normally be stored on a Google server in the United States and your IP address will be shortened by Google beforehand. In exceptional cases only, your full IP address will be transmitted to a Google server in the United States and shortened there. On our behalf, Google will use this information for the purpose of compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP address transmitted from your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google.  For more information on other service providers, please contact us by visiting our Privacy Support Page at https://www.samsung.com/request-desk.  This type of cookie is automatically disabled and can be configured to your particular preferences.  We will use these type of cookies for a period of 13 months.  Functional Cookies: allow us to deliver a better user experience. For example, this type of cookie ensures that the information displayed on your next visit to our website will match up with your user preferences, or your Samsung account from which you linked to our website, or the fact that you linked to our website via an email sent to you by Samsung or one of our trusted third party service providers contacting you on our behalf.  This cookie is automatically disabled and can be configured to your particular preferences.  We will use these type of cookies for a period of 13 months.  Advertising Cookies: enables us and our carefully selected partners to personalise our website, deliver advertisements to you, or contact you directly where you have separately consented to such communications, in a way which is relevant to you and which matches your interests by, for example, using information about products you have browsed or ordered on our website. For example, and without limitation, we use Google remarketing tags to allow our retail partners to advertise products which you have browsed on our website. For further information about how Google remarketing tags work, please click here.  We may also allow carefully selected third parties to place cookies or similar technologies onto our site for this purpose.  We may use and combine your cookie data with the information we collect about you from other sources to provide you with a better experience for example to provide you with more relevant direct marketing (with your separate consent).  We may also work with carefully selected business partners to deliver advertising jointly; this may involve combining cookie data collected from our website with data collected by our business partner.  Depending which cookies you enable, we may also use information collected to understand our customers’ preferences and to influence future advertising campaigns including how we select who we direct our marketing to.  We and carefully selected business partners may place cookies when we show ads for our products or services on third-party websites and when you click on those ads, so we know which sites our customers see and click on our ads.  We and our business partners only use these cookies if you give your consent to the operator of the third-party site, and you can adjust your preferences in relation to these cookies on those third-party sites.  We will use these type of cookies for a period of 13 months.  Third party cookies: Our website may also display content from a third party website or service, which may result in cookies from third parties being stored on your hard drive or browser. These third parties can be seen and their cookies can be blocked in our Cookies Management Tool: Cookie Preferences. We do not control the storage and use of these cookies by these third parties and you should refer to the privacy policies of the relevant third parties for more information.  This type of cookie is automatically disabled and can be configured to your particular preferences.  We, along with certain third parties, may use other kinds of local storage technologies, such as Local Shared Objects (also referred to as “Flash cookies”) and HTML5 local storage, in connection with our Services. These technologies are similar to the cookies discussed above in that they are stored on your device and can be used to store certain information about your activities and preferences. However, these technologies may make use of different parts of your device from standard cookies, and so you might not be able to control them using standard browser tools and settings. For information about disabling or deleting information contained in Flash cookies, please  click here.  Pixels on our website also deliver information about the website usage to Samsung.com & third party tracing servers, but do not store the information on the users' browser like a cookie does. Pixels allow Samsung to ensure the site is running and pages are loading.  Pixels on our website are categorised and managed in the same way as cookies.  Performance, functional and advertising pixels are disabled and can be configured to your preferences using the Cookies Management Tool.  An e-mail pixel is a similar technology used by Samsung in communications sent via e-mail. Where you have separately consented to receiving communications which have been carefully selected from our partners to deliver advertisements to you, each communication contains both a cookie and pixel.  Managing cookies and other technologies  If you are based in Europe, you also can adjust your cookie preferences and withdraw your consent by adjusting the Cookie Settings through the Cookies Management Tool, which can be found here: Cookie Preferences.  You can also update your browser settings at any time, if you want to remove or block cookies from your device (consult your browser's "help" menu to learn how to remove or block cookies). Samsung Electronics is not responsible for your browser settings. You can find good and simple instructions on how to manage cookies on the different types of web browsers at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.  Please be aware that rejecting cookies may affect your ability to perform certain transactions on the website, and our ability to recognize your browser from one visit to the next.  Copyright© 1995-2021 Samsung. All rights reserved.  Provide your email address below to be notified when this item is back in stock and available to buy.  Please double check your email address.  We will email you when inventory is added.  My Wishlist 1My Wishlist 2My Wishlist 3My Wishlist 4My Wishlist 5My Wishlist 6My Wishlist 7My Wishlist 8My Wishlist 9  Our site uses cookies. We'd also like to set optional cookies to give you the best experience and provide you relevant advertising. You can choose to manage your preferences or accept all cookies. You can also read our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy for more information.  I want to Manage Cookies I am happy with all cookies. Let's GO!  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10  0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10