Privacy notices | BMI Healthcare  Benefits of paying for yourself  BMI Healthcare is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. These privacy notices tells you what to expect when we collect personal information.  BMI Healthcare takes its responsibilities under data protection legislation, including GDPR, seriously. As part of this, BMI Healthcare has developed a series of Privacy Notices for different groups of individuals detailing what information we collect and hold about them, how that information may be used and individuals' legal rights.  As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic BMI Healthcare's Corporate Head Office is closed as staff are working from home and maintaining social distancing. Collection of postal correspondence has been arranged but, this may slow our ability to respond as a result of the redirection process.  All queries relating to Data Protection, including Subject Access Requests should be directed to: [email protected]  Please click on the links below to access these Privacy Notices. These are reviewed on a periodic basis, and we therefore advise you to check back on a regular basis to view the latest version.  We explain how we collate and use your information in responding to the COVID-19 pandemic. Read more…  We explain how we collate and use your information, as well as your legal rights. Read more…  Privacy information specific to our consultants. Read more…  Learn how we process your data if you apply for a job with us. Read more…  Patients and health assessment clients  Find out how BMI Healthcare will collect and use your information, as well as your legal rights. Read more…  Find out how BMI Healthcare will collect and use information about children. Read more…  Find out how BMI Healthcare will collect and use your information, as well as your legal rights. Read more…  Find out what types of cookies BMI Healthcare will collect and use. Read more…  Terms and conditions - private patients  Find out about BMI Healthcare Terms & Conditions for private patients. Read more…  Online booking terms and conditions  Find out more about the terms and conditions of online booking. Read more…  By using the Website, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Read more…  If you wish to report issues with our website please do so here.  Fraud - Please be aware  It has come to our attention that some websites and companies are claiming to offer employment on behalf of BMI Healthcare, for more information click here.  With Britain's largest network of private hospitals, fast access to treatment is closer than you think  Call 0808 101 0337 to speak to one of our advisers today  Instantly connect with one of our advisers  Pay for yourself with our fixed price packages. This includes your pre-assessment, treatment, follow-ups and six months of aftercare.  We are widely recognised by health insurers. Ask your insurer about your cover and for an insurer pre-authorisation code.  Pay for yourself with monthly repayments spread over 12 months, interest-free (terms and conditions apply) 