Privacy Policy | The Club | News | Arsenal.com  This menu is keyboard accessible. To open a menu item's submenu, press the space bar. To close a submenu press the escape key.  Fri Aug 13 - 20:00  Sun Aug 8 - 14:00  Fri Aug 13 - 20:00  Sun Aug 22 - 16:30  Sun Aug 8 - 14:00  Sun Aug 1 - 15:00  Always be ahead of the game  All you need to know  Check out our exclusive Wallpapers for desktop and mobile today!  Fan's kit hub - win a bruised banana shirt!  USA & Canada fans section  New 21/22 training & travel ranges  Arsenal x adidas golf range  Sale - up to 50% off  Stadium Tours – kids go for £5  The Armoury Store - now open  The Arsenal Football Club Plc (‘Arsenal’) is committed to protecting your personal data and handling it responsibly.  This policy covers the personal data that Arsenal collects whenever you interact with us, including when you use our websites and apps, when you attend events at Emirates Stadium, and when you correspond with us (such as by email or over the phone).  It also covers personal data that we may receive from third parties.  The sections below explain in more detail:  the types of personal data we collect from you  the types of personal data we receive from third parties  why we process your personal data  who we share your personal data with  personal data transfers outside of the EEA  how long we retain your personal data  your rights to withdraw your consent and to object (including to direct marketing)  your other personal data rights  how to contact us and exercise your rights  If you would like to know how we collect information about your use of our websites, apps and social media sites, you can read our Cookies Policy here.  Personal data Arsenal collects from you  We collect personal data from your interactions with us, such as when you engage with our websites and apps, attend an event at Emirates Stadium, or when you email or phone us.  The personal data we collect from you includes:  the name and contact details that you provide when you register as a member with us  your payment and address details  your marketing preferences, including any consents you have given us  your browser or device information  information about your use of our websites and apps  information about your attendance at Arsenal events, such as matches, concerts and conferences held at Emirates Stadium.  Photos and video footage of you may be taken at these events  Personal data Arsenal receives from third parties  Sometimes we receive personal data from third parties, in particular:  our commercial partners provide us with your name and contact details if you’ve asked to receive information from Arsenal.  Click here to see a list of our current partners  ticketing providers and overseas ticketing agents let us know if you’ve purchased tickets to an event at Emirates Stadium  access control providers let us know if your tickets have been used at Emirates Stadium  online personalisation providers tell us how you engage with our websites and apps  data specialists provide us with insights about our supporters, based on their own aggregated data sets  if you register for Digital Membership using your social media account, the social media platform provides us with information that you have consented to share with us  government and law enforcement authorities provide us with personal identification and background information when they are involved in official inquiries  finance providers may inform us about a credit arrangement you have with them for Arsenal season tickets  agencies who partner with Arsenal in the Community may share information with us about participants that we refer to them  Why Arsenal processes your personal data  This section explains the reasons why we process your personal data and our legal bases for doing so.  If you’ve opted-in to receive information and offers relating to the Club and our commercial partners (for example by ticking a box on one of our websites or apps), then we’ll provide this information to you by email, text, or phone.  Click here for a list of our current partners.  We also rely on your consent to process information about your use of our websites, apps and social media sites, so that we can improve your browsing experience and deliver online advertising that is relevant to you (for more information, click here to see our Cookies Policy).  And occasionally we may rely on your consent to process health or other sensitive information.  Wherever we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have a right to withdraw that consent.  Click here for information on how to exercise your rights.  We process your personal data when necessary to pursue our legitimate interests in the following:  tailoring our websites and communications for you.  We collect information about your engagement with us online (such as pages that you have visited on our websites or apps) and combine that with aggregated insights we have about our supporter base, to build a fuller understanding of your individual preferences  monitoring, improving and protecting our products, content and services  monitoring and enforcing compliance with our ticketing terms and conditions and ground regulations  checking the credit or debit card details you provide (to process your payments and prevent fraudulent transactions)  sending you some types of direct marketing, including by email and post  responding to your comments or complaints  undertaking, or inviting you to take part in, market research  querying whether you have had an issue completing an online form  preventing, investigating and/or reporting fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime  to protect the security of our spectators, staff and other visitors to our sites; to enforce our ground regulations; and to help detect and prevent unlawful activity using, for example, incident reports and CCTV footage  managing legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative matters  processing job applications received through www.arsenaljobs.com  administering programmes run by us or our partner agencies that you have chosen to participate in  You have a right to object to any processing that we undertake for our legitimate interests. Click here for information on how to exercise your rights.  We process your personal data when necessary for contractual reasons, such as to administer your account registration and competition entries and to provide products and services that you have requested.  We are legally required to process your personal data in cases where we need to:  obtain parental consent to provide online services directly to children  respond to certain requests by government or law enforcement authorities  comply with local Council safety requirements to collect CCTV footage of particular areas around Emirates Stadium  Who Arsenal shares personal data with  We will share your personal data with the following recipients:  Arsenal Broadband Limited, a company within the Arsenal Holdings Plc Group, for the purpose of administering our websites and apps  commercial partners, so they can advise us how best to communicate with you on their behalf.  We do not give your data to partners for them to communicate with you directly.  Click here to see a list of our current partners  Facebook, so that we can display relevant advertising to you on their platform (your data is converted into a unique ID before it is shared with Facebook)  third party suppliers involved in: data insights; website hosting; online personalisation; advertising; systems maintenance; ticketing; database management; identity checking; payment processing; delivery logistics; facilities management; and credit and debt management  organisations undertaking official data scout spotting activities within Emirates Stadium  government authorities or law enforcement officials, to assist with their official requests and comply with our legal obligations  recruitment and vetting agents, to assist with our recruitment processes  other football clubs, where this is necessary to ensure the safety and security of supporters or if we think it’s appropriate to inform them of incidents at Emirates Stadium involving their supporters  football authorities, such as the Premier League or The Union of European Football Associations (‘UEFA’), when they ask for information about fans attending matches at Emirates Stadium  our advisers, any prospective purchaser’s advisers, and any new owners of the business (in the event our business is sold or integrated with another business)  agencies who partner with Arsenal in the Community (if you have been referred to those agencies through us)  Personal data transfers outside of the EEA  The EEA includes all EU countries, as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway.  Some of the third parties that we share personal data with may need to transfer personal data outside of the EEA, for example to the United States of America.  Click here to see a list of the third parties we share personal data with.  Where your personal data is transferred to a country outside of the EEA and that country is not subject to an EU adequacy decision, we will ensure your data is protected by appropriate safeguards (for example, EU approved standard contractual clauses, a Privacy Shield certification, or a supplier’s Binding Corporate Rules).  A copy of the relevant safeguard can be provided for your review on request – click here to see how to contact us.  How long Arsenal retains personal data  We retain personal data about your membership for as long as your account remains active, and for a limited period of time afterwards (in case you decide to reactivate your membership or have queries about it).  We retain personal data relating to your purchases for several years from the date of the relevant transaction.  This is to understand your purchasing preferences and to meet our legal and contractual obligations.  If your purchase has enduring relevance (such as a Celebration Corner plaque) then we’ll keep relevant information for as long as we remain responsible to you for that purchase.  Where you have asked us not to send you direct marketing, we keep a record of that fact to ensure we respect your request in future.  We keep a record of call centre recordings for 27 months and CCTV security footage for 30 days, unless we need to hold this data for longer to resolve an issue or to meet a legal requirement.  We also retain information with the potential to give rise to legal disputes for 7 years.  Your rights to withdraw consent and to object (including to direct marketing)  Wherever we rely on your consent to process personal data, you always have a right to withdraw that consent.  Click here to see the situations where we rely on your consent.  You also have the right to object to any use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, as well as to processing that we undertake based on our legitimate interests (including profiling).  Click here to see the situations where we process data for our legitimate interests.  Click here for information on how to exercise your rights.  Your other personal data rights  In addition to your rights to withdraw your consent and to object, you have the right to ask us:  for access to information about your personal data or for a copy of your personal data  to correct or delete your personal data  to restrict (i.e. stop any active) processing of your personal data  to provide you with certain personal data in a structured, machine readable format and to transmit that data to another organisation  These rights may not always apply, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have a compelling legitimate interest in keeping.  If this is the case then we’ll let you know when we respond to your request.  Click here for information on how to exercise your rights.  How to contact us and exercise your rights  The easiest way to stop receiving information from us is by opting out of communications through your online preference centre (this is linked to in our communications with you and is accessible at times via your account settings).  You can also correct your registration details through your online account.  We will do our best to assist with any queries you have about your personal data.  You can contact our Data Protection Officer at any time using the contact details below.  When you do so, please provide your full name, your preferred contact information, and a summary of your query.  If you have unresolved concerns, you also have the right to complain to an EU data protection authority where you live, work or where you believe a breach may have occurred. This is likely to be the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK.  We suggest that you check back here for updates, as we will update this policy from time to time.  Copyright 2021 The Arsenal Football Club plc. Permission to use quotations from this article is granted subject to appropriate credit being given to www.arsenal.com as the source.  Cookie Preference CentreYou can manage which cookies are set on your device by clicking on the different category headings below. Please remember that disabling some categories of cookies may impact your experience of our sites as some features may not work properly. For more information, please read our Cookie Policy.  More informationAccept All Cookies Manage Consent PreferencesNecessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are essential for our Websites to operate.  Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like shopping baskets, cannot be provided.Functional Cookies  Functional Cookies These cookies recognise you when you return to our Websites. They remember information (such as your username and region), enabling us to remember your preferences and display relevant content when you return.Analytical Cookies  Analytical Cookies These cookies collect information about how visitors use and engage with our Websites (such as the most visited pages), helping us to make improvements to our Websites.Targeting Cookies  Targeting Cookies These cookies collect information about your browsing habits (such as products you have purchased or content you have engaged with) as well as information about your browser, device and IP address. We use this information to display more relevant content and advertisements to you, as well as to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of a campaign. Occasionally we share this information with partners, including other advertising organisations. Targeting Cookies help us to connect with you on our Websites and on other websites, including Facebook. If you disable these Cookies, you may still see the same number of advertisements although they may be less relevant to you.Back Button Performance CookiesVendor Search  Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My ChoicesCookies PolicyWe use cookies to improve your browsing experience and help us improve our websites. We and carefully selected third parties also use cookies to show you more relevant ads online. By clicking ‘Accept All Cookies’, you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. If you wish to manage your cookie settings, please click ‘Customise’.Customise Accept All Cookies