Privacy & Cookies | Primark UK  View All Shoes & Boots  View All Shoes & Boots  Kids 2 to 7 Boyswear  View All Boys 2 to 7  View All Boys Over 7  Older Boys Jeans & Shorts  Older Boys Coats & Jackets  Older Boys T-Shirts & Shirts  Kids 2 to 7 Girlswear  View All Girls 2 to 7  View All Girls Over 7  Older Girls Jeans & Leggings  Older Girls Tops & Hoodies  View All Shoes & Accessories  View All Seasonal & Gifts  View All Tech & Phone Accessories  A Better Future: Primark Cares  This website is owned and operated by Primark Stores Limited (registered under company number 00453448). References to “we”, “our” or “us” in this privacy notice mean Primark.  Privacy Notices and Cookies Policy  The privacy notices on our website are intended to help you understand what personal data we collect about you, why we collect it, and what we do with it. The website privacy notice [Primark.com Privacy Notice] applies to any website which has a link to this privacy notice and to Primark's use of social media sites. Our privacy notices are important: we hope you will take time to read them carefully.  You can read the notices on our website using the links below:  Primark Customer Service Privacy Notice  The data we collect about you varies depending on how you use our website  We use data about your use of our website to help us ensure our content is presented effectively and to help you get quicker access to the information on our website that you are looking for.  If you sign up to receive promotional material from us, we will use your personal data for our direct marketing purposes.  If you visit our social media pages, or post images or comments relevant to Primark on social media, we may contact you to ask if you'd like to feature in our advertising material or to ask if we can help with any customer service concerns.  You can find out more information about how we use your information for these purposes here.  If you use our website in order to contact our Customer Services Team we will use your data in order to deal with your enquiry.  You can find out more information about how our customer services team use your information here.  You have a number of legal rights over the personal data that we hold about you. These rights give you control over how your data is used and managed. You can ask us to supply you with a copy of your data and in some cases you can ask us to supply your data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.  You can ask us to correct your data or complete it if you think the personal data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete. In some circumstances, you also have the right to object to our processing of your data and can ask us to restrict our use of your data and to delete it.  You can find out more about your rights here.  If you have any questions about how Primark uses your data or if you would like to exercise any of your rights you can find details of who to contact here.  If you contact us with a query or complaint and want to know more about how we will manage your data in connection with your request you can find out more details here.  Section 172 and Corporate Governance Statement  Primark x UNICEF: Keeping our promise  2021 © Primark Stores Limited  View All Shoes & Boots  View All Shoes & Boots  Kids 2 to 7 Boyswear  View All Boys 2 to 7  View All Boys Over 7  Older Boys Jeans & Shorts  Older Boys Coats & Jackets  Older Boys T-Shirts & Shirts  Kids 2 to 7 Girlswear  View All Girls 2 to 7  View All Girls Over 7  Older Girls Jeans & Leggings  Older Girls Tops & Hoodies  View All Shoes & Accessories  View All Seasonal & Gifts  View All Tech & Phone Accessories  A Better Future: Primark Cares 