Privacy and Cookies — Pilgrim Gifts  FREE delivery on all UK orders over £75.00  FREE delivery on all UK orders over £75.00  Biblical Study & Reference Books  Catholic Missals & Mass Books  Faith & Questions In The 21st Century  Catholic Mass Cards For All Occasions  Christening & Dedication Cards and Gifts  First Holy Communion Gifts and Cards  New Baby Gifts and Cards  New Home Gifts and Cards  St Michael's Abbey Greetings Cards  Thank You Greetings Cards and Gifts  Words to Encourage & Inspire Greetings Cards  Advent & Christingle Candles & Holders  Bambinos Baby Jesus The Christ Child  Christmas Angels & Seasonal Gifts  Fairtrade Christmas and Easter Figures  Advent Candles & Candle Holders  Candle Accessories & Candle Oil  Church Liturgy & Worship Books  Collection Bags and Money Boxes  Mass Kits & Sick Call Sets  Nativity Sets & Individual Nativity Figures  Oil Stocks & Anointing Oil Bottles  Paschal Candle Incense Pins & Candle Transfers  Sanctuary Vigil Lamps and Brackets  The 12 Disciples and Paul  Christian Witness & Angel Prayer Pin Brooches  Madonna Medals In Sterling Silver  Saints Medals Gold and Sterling Silver  St Benedict Crosses & Medals  Cathedral & Church Roof Bosses  Cathedral & Church Stained Glass  Children's Crosses & Prayer Plaques  Grave Lights & Memorial Candles  Inspirational Gifts & Prayer Plaques  Rosary Beads & Prayer Ropes  How To Pray The Rosary Booklets  Luminous Glow in the Dark Rosaries  Pink and Purple Rosary Beads  Biblical Study & Reference Books  Catholic Missals & Mass Books  Faith & Questions In The 21st Century  Catholic Mass Cards For All Occasions  Christening & Dedication Cards and Gifts  First Holy Communion Gifts and Cards  New Baby Gifts and Cards  New Home Gifts and Cards  St Michael's Abbey Greetings Cards  Thank You Greetings Cards and Gifts  Words to Encourage & Inspire Greetings Cards  Advent & Christingle Candles & Holders  Bambinos Baby Jesus The Christ Child  Christmas Angels & Seasonal Gifts  Fairtrade Christmas and Easter Figures  Advent Candles & Candle Holders  Candle Accessories & Candle Oil  Church Liturgy & Worship Books  Collection Bags and Money Boxes  Mass Kits & Sick Call Sets  Nativity Sets & Individual Nativity Figures  Oil Stocks & Anointing Oil Bottles  Paschal Candle Incense Pins & Candle Transfers  Sanctuary Vigil Lamps and Brackets  The 12 Disciples and Paul  Christian Witness & Angel Prayer Pin Brooches  Madonna Medals In Sterling Silver  Saints Medals Gold and Sterling Silver  St Benedict Crosses & Medals  Cathedral & Church Roof Bosses  Cathedral & Church Stained Glass  Children's Crosses & Prayer Plaques  Grave Lights & Memorial Candles  Inspirational Gifts & Prayer Plaques  Rosary Beads & Prayer Ropes  Rosary Beads & Prayer Ropes  How To Pray The Rosary Booklets  Luminous Glow in the Dark Rosaries  Pink and Purple Rosary Beads  This privacy policy sets out how Pilgrim Shop uses and protects any information that you supply when you use this website. Pilgrim Shop is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Pilgrim Shop may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 25th May 2018 in line with the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018.  We may collect the following information: Your name, contact information including email address, postcode and contact telephone number.  Debit/Credit Card details are obtained but NOT stored.  What we do with the information we gather  We require this information to provide goods to you when ordered from us.  We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.  There are no links to other websites on our own website.  Under the new GDPR you have the right to know what information we hold concerning yourself and you also have the right to be deleted from our records if you so wish. In either case you can contact us in writing at Pilgrim Shop, 32 High Street, Little Walsingham, Norfolk, NR22 6AA, or by email: info@pilgrimgifts.co.uk.  There is no charge for this service.  No longer having your information, does, of course, mean we can no longer provide a service to you.  In the case of orders from individuals we hold any hard copies of orders for a limited time and these are destroyed responsibly and thoroughly usually around every 3 months along with emails.  For organisations, such as Schools, Hospitals, Churches and Repositories etc, we keep the information we need on an ongoing basis in order to maintain an efficient service and back record of quantities and prices of stock supplied.   All invoicing records need maintaining for a min of 7 years in line with Government requirements.  A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. The cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular website. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.  We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.  Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.  You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.  The Pilgrim Shop32 High StreetWalsinghamNorfolkNR22 6AA01328 820387info@pilgrimgifts.co.uk  Rosary Beads & Prayer Ropes  © 2021 Pilgrim Gifts | Made by Field 