Video Advertisement Player Privacy Policy - risecode  Rise Codes Ltd. Partner Ad Services Privacy Policy  (“Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) provides this privacy policy to describe how  we collect, use, and share the information related to the partner ad services  provided by us, including the video ad player offered for websites (the  “Service”).  This privacy policy does not govern Company’s other practices.  .  collect information about a device through the publisher’s website that uses  the Service.  Specifically, we collect  general technical information about the browser and operating systems,  time zone and the country from which a request is sent (based on the request IP  the name of the website from which an ad is served, and  interactions with the ads shown through the Service, such as an indication of  whether an ad was viewed or clicked on.  may also collect information about a device from our advertising partners, such  as a cookie identifier that may be associated with you and the total amount of  revenues received as a result of advertising served to a specific cookie  How We Use the Information We Collect  We may use information about you for any  lawful purpose, including the following business and commercial purposes:  o   To operate and improve our Service,  including to enable the delivery of ads;  maintain the security of our Service, including to detect and protect against  security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity;  o   To resolve any dispute we may have with  you or third parties, protect Companys rights, and to enforce our agreements  o   As otherwise disclosed at the time  How We Share the Information We Collect  may share the information we collect with other parties, including the  advertising and marketing customers and partners for the purposes of receiving, or delivering, ads from such  customers and partners, as well as for attribution purposes. The list of such  third parties can be found here https://risecodes.com/buyers.pdf  purposes such as analytics, reporting, and storage.  may also share information with other parties in certain circumstances,  o    As part of a  corporate sale, merger, or acquisition, or other transfer of all or part of our  assets, including as part of a bankruptcy proceeding;  subpoena, court order, governmental inquiry, or other legal process or as  otherwise required by law or to protect our rights or the rights of third  may share information that has been de-identified or aggregated without  Service allows websites, apps, and other online properties to show video ads to  their users.  In connection with the Service, we may collect information across  these nonaffiliated properties over time.  While our partners and customers may  engage in interest-based advertising, Company itself does not conduct  interest-based advertising through the Service. Interest-based advertising is  advertising that is tailored to be more relevant to you based on your Web  browsing and/or app usage history across nonaffiliated properties over time.  visit the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Webchoices tool at  www.aboutads.info to learn more about this type of advertising and how to opt  out of this advertising on websites by companies participating in the DAA  self-regulatory program.  If you delete your cookies or use a different browser  or mobile device, you may need to renew your opt-out choices exercised through  the DAA Webchoices tool.  Note that electing to opt out will not stop  advertising from appearing in your browser or applications.  It may make the  ads you see less relevant to your interests.  may offer tools to limit the use of cookies or to delete cookies; however, if  you use these tools, the websites you visit may not function as intended.  delivered by our partners through the Service may link to third-party websites  or mobile apps. Please be advised that we are not responsible for the privacy  practices of such other websites or mobile apps and note that the privacy  practices of such third parties are not covered by this privacy policy. We  encourage you to review the privacy policies of other websites or apps that you  use to learn about their privacy practices.  will process and store information only for the period necessary to achieve the  purpose of the storage, or as permitted by law.  The criteria used to determine  the period of storage of information is the respective statutory retention  period.  After expiration of that period, the corresponding information is  routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of  a contract or the initiation of a contract.  section contains certain disclosures required by the EU General Data Protection  Regulation (“GDPR”) and applies only to “personal data,” as defined by the  GDPR, associated with individuals who we deem to be located in the European  Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland.  If we serve, or share information with advertising partners that use such  information for serving personalized ads, we will process personal data for  such purpose with your consent. On other occasions, we may process personal  data where necessary to fulfill a contract or where required to do this by law.  We may also process personal data when it is in our legitimate interests to do  this, such as operating our Service and conducting research. We do so when our  legitimate interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.  be aware that the personal data we collect may be transferred to and maintained  on servers or databases located outside your state, province, country, or other  jurisdiction, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your  location. If you are located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom,  or Switzerland, we will transfer your information to the United States to our  partners based on EU standard contractual clauses (“Model Contracts”) for  transfers of personal data. If you wish to receive a copy of these clauses,  please contact us at rise-engage-privacy@risecodes.com.  Data Subject Rights – Please note that you have the  following rights, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:  to the personal data we hold about you;  right to request that we rectify or erase your personal data;  right to request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal  certain circumstances, the right to data portability; and  obtained your consent, the right to withdraw consent to processing your  To submit a request for exercising your  rights, please send an email with your request to the following address:  rise-engage-privacy@risecodes.com. Please note that we will process your  request subject to verification of your identity. Please also be aware that we  may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such  as if we are legally prevented from doing so.  You also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory  authority (e.g. of your country or domicile) where Company has not addressed  section contains disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)  and applies only to “personal information” that is subject to the CCPA.  many cases, we act as a service provider to collect personal information from,  or on behalf of, customers who use our Service. These customers have their own  privacy policies that describe how they use information. To the extent that we  are processing personal information subject to the CCPA on behalf of a customer  in our role as a service provider, you should reach out to that customer  directly to exercise your rights under the CCPA.  remainder of this section provides disclosures for cases where we process  personal information about you and are not acting as a service provider to a  information We Collect, Disclose for a Business Purpose, and Sell – In the preceding 12 months, we  collected the categories of personal information about California consumers  identified in the chart below.  for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:  to the following categories of third parties:  and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, or unique  or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history,  search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or  information (at a general level, such as city and state)  information about you that is linked to the personal information above  of Sources – We collect  personal information from the following categories of sources:  We Collect, Use, and Share California Information – We use and disclose the personal  information we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further  described in the “How We Use the Information We Collect” and the “How We Share  Your Information” sections of this privacy policy above.  We may sell personal information to the following categories of third parties:  disclose the categories of personal information listed above to the categories  of third parties listed below for business purposes:  Rights Regarding Personal Information –  California residents have certain rights with respect to the personal  information collected by businesses.  If you are a California resident, you may  exercise the following rights regarding your personal information, subject to  right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal information  we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from  which we collected personal information about you, our purposes for collecting  or selling personal information about you, the categories of personal  information about you that we have either sold or disclosed for a business  purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared personal  right to request that we delete the personal information we have  right to opt out of our sale(s) of personal information about you.  Please note that if you opt out of certain types of sales, we will be unable to  provide you with the services that rely on such sales.  right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the  privacy rights conferred by the CCPA.  any of the above rights, please contact us by sending an email to  rise-engage-privacy@risecodes.com.  Verification Process and Required Information – Note that we may need to request  additional information from you to verify your identity or process your  request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to  submit a request or have it fulfilled.  We will require you to provide, at a  minimum, your name and email address.  Authorized Agent – You may designate an authorized agent  to make a CCPA request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing  the agent with written permission to make the request on your behalf.  Minors’ Right to Opt In –  We do not have actual knowledge that we sell the personal information of minors  under 16 years of age.  may revise this privacy policy from time to time. If our information practices  change materially, we will post these changes to the policy on this page. We  encourage you to visit this page periodically to learn of any updates.  Scale your business, become a partner, or ask a question.  Get in touchGet in touch  Send us your CV !  Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.First Name *Last Name *Email *Phone *Resume *  Click or drag a file to this area to upload.  Attach ResumePlease review our privacy practices: Privacy PolicyLinkedin Profile *career-ownerSubmit Application  About Your PrivacyWe process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent and legitimate interest. You may exercise your right to consent or object to a legitimate interest, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. These choices will be signaled globally to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.Allow AllManage Consent PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways Active  Strictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance Cookies  Performance CookiesThese cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Functional Cookies  Functional CookiesThese cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Targeting Cookies  Targeting CookiesThese cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Store and/or access information on a device  Store and/or access information on a deviceCookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you.List of IAB Vendors‎ | View Full Legal Text Opens in a new windowPersonalised ads and content, ad and content measurement, audience insights and product development  Personalised ads and content, ad and content measurement, audience insights and product developmentSelect basic ads  Required CookiesAds can be shown to you based on the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, or your device type.  Create a personalised ads profile  Required CookiesA profile can be built about you and your interests to show you personalised ads that are relevant to you.  Required CookiesPersonalised ads can be shown to you based on a profile about you.  Create a personalised content profile  Required CookiesA profile can be built about you and your interests to show you personalised content that is relevant to you.  Required CookiesPersonalised content can be shown to you based on a profile about you.  Required CookiesThe performance and effectiveness of ads that you see or interact with can be measured.  Required CookiesThe performance and effectiveness of content that you see or interact with can be measured.  Apply market research to generate audience insights  Required CookiesMarket research can be used to learn more about the audiences who visit sites/apps and view ads.  Required CookiesYour data can be used to improve existing systems and software, and to develop new products  List of IAB Vendors‎ | View Full Legal Text Opens in a new windowUse precise geolocation data  Use precise geolocation dataYour precise geolocation data can be used in support of one or more purposes. This means your location can be accurate to within several meters.List of IAB Vendors‎ | View Full Legal Text Opens in a new windowActively scan device characteristics for identification  Actively scan device characteristics for identificationYour device can be identified based on a scan of your device's unique combination of characteristics.List of IAB Vendors‎ | View Full Legal Text Opens in a new windowEnsure security, prevent fraud, and debugAlways Active  Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debugYour data can be used to monitor for and prevent fraudulent activity, and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely.List of IAB Vendors‎ | View Full Legal Text Opens in a new windowTechnically deliver ads or contentAlways Active  Technically deliver ads or contentYour device can receive and send information that allows you to see and interact with ads and content.List of IAB Vendors‎ | View Full Legal Text Opens in a new windowMatch and combine offline data sourcesAlways Active  Match and combine offline data sourcesData from offline data sources can be combined with your online activity in support of one or more purposesList of IAB Vendors‎ | View Full Legal Text Opens in a new windowLink different devicesAlways Active  Link different devicesDifferent devices can be determined as belonging to you or your household in support of one or more of purposes.List of IAB Vendors‎ | View Full Legal Text Opens in a new windowReceive and use automatically-sent device characteristics for identificationAlways Active  Receive and use automatically-sent device characteristics for identificationYour device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends, such as IP address or browser type.List of IAB Vendors‎ | View Full Legal Text Opens in a new window Confirm My ChoicesBack ButtonBack Performance CookiesVendor Search  Search Icon Filter IconClear Filters Information storage and accessApplyConsent Leg.InterestAll Consent Allowed Select All Vendors Select All Vendors All Consent Allowed Confirm My ChoicesWe Care About Your PrivacyWe and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled globally as part of an industry standard and will not affect browsing data.We and our partners process data to provide:Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised ads and content, ad and content measurement, audience insights and product development. 