Coronavirus and waste collections update  Search recycling and rubbish collections  Tip Treasures - reuse shop  Report a problem with bins and litter  Request a recycling and rubbish service  How to reduce, reuse and recycle your rubbish  Storage solutions for your recycling  Student recycling + rubbish - Get it sorted!  Recycling and waste collections in severe weather  Frequently asked questions about bins, litter and flytipping  Holiday recycling + rubbish collections  Keep it out - it's time for everyone to recycle  Independent Living Support Assistant vacancies  Your jobs comments or questions  Could you have a career in care?  Job applications - your privacy  Coronavirus: parking and public transport updates  Priority parking pass for Swans home games  Frequently asked questions about parking  School admissions, attendance and welfare  Adult education - Lifelong learning  Parent Partnership Services - ALN (formerly SEN)  Residential education visits for schools  Inspection of local authority education services  Standing Advisory Council on Religious Education - SACRE  4Site: museum-based learning for schools  Births, deaths, marriages and civil partnerships  50 and over in Swansea  Information about how the council collects, uses and protects your data.  Information about how Swansea Council uses your personal data.  A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on your computer by your web browser while you visit sites.  Young people - how we use your information  Sometimes Swansea Council will need to know some things about you. This tells how we use your information.  Swansea Council supports the objectives of increasing openness, accountability and transparency in the public sector.  The council's terms and conditions for using this website.  Your guide to data protection  In order to operate effectively, Swansea Council (the authority) has to obtain certain types of information about persons working and residing in its area.  Our corporate records retention schedule identifies the period for which personal data is retained.  Under the rights of data subject access granted by GDPR, you are entitled to find out what information the Council holds about you.  To ensure data is not intercepted when sending emails externally, the Council have been working with the Welsh WARP and other public sector organisations to introduce a secure email service.  Data protection policy - Swansea Council  A to Z of services  Please help us improve our website  Civic Centre, Oystermouth Road, Swansea, SA1 3SN  Powered by GOSS iCMOpens new window