Privacy | About the university | University of Greenwich  Our website uses cookies to recognise users of our site and optimise your experience. By continuing to use this site, you are giving your consent for us to set cookies. For more information, please see our Cookies Policy.  Read the privacy statement relating to the University of Greenwich website. Find out more about the website privacy policy.  CookiesCookies are temporary files websites use to help them improve your browsing experience.You can find out more about cookies and how they work here.Essential useSome of our services need cookies to work. These temporary files remember certain information as you move between pages on our site. For example, our on-demand prospectus uses cookies to remember which of our programmes you've added to your 'basket'. We only store these cookies as long as you visit our site. They're not used to track any other information about you.Our personalised websites use cookies to keep details and give us useful info as you move between pages. When you sign in to use these services, you provide consent. Name Description Expires  This cookie is set by our website software and is essential for the website to work. It stores no personal information.  When you close your browser  Improving our serviceGoogle Analytics sets cookies to help us estimate accurately the number of visitors to the website, and how much use it gets. This information helps us improve the quality of the website. Name Description Expires  Used by Google Analytics to identify users anonymously, to record new visitors and repeat views.  Used by Google Analytics to establish a session.  Used by Google Analytics to establish a session.  When you close your browser  Used by Google Analytics to record information about how visitors arrive at the page, helping us to see how you found the site, and how effective the navigation is.  You can find out more about cookies and Google Analytics, on the  Google website.HotjarWe use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize our website experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our website with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf. For further details, please see the ‘about Hotjar’ section of Hotjar’s support site.Targeted advertisingWe pay for adverts to increase awareness of our services. Some of these are 'targeted' at people who have been on our site before, or have viewed other relevant sites. To do this we provide information to the advertising company by placing a small pixel on certain pages. This information can't be used to identify you.Personal dataOur web pages may contain personal data, including names, contact details and photographs. We don't add the personal data of any person who is not a member of staff to the website without permission. We aim to ensure all personal data on the website is accurate and up to date.When we collect personal data – for instance forms, questionnaires or surveys – we tell you what it's being used for, and if it will be shared with third parties. The data is collected securely and confidentially. We only use personal information to provide services, or for lawful, disclosed purposes.To monitor our website use, our web servers collect anonymous information such as IP addresses, browser software, and dates, times and pages visited. This helps us analyse data about web traffic and improve our website. We use this information for statistical analysis then remove it from the system.By using any page on our website, or our services, you are agreeing to us collecting your personal information.We always process personal data in accordance with Data Protection legislation. To find out more, visit our information compliance pages. To find out how you can amend any errors in the personal information held about you, please e-mail compliance@gre.ac.uk.This privacy statement only applies to this website – not to websites we provide links to.  The University of Greenwich is a charity and company limited by guarantee, registered in England. 