allkpop | all kpop all the time  Log In / Sign Up  BREAKING Seungri officially sentenced to 3 years in prison for mediating prostitution  VICTON's Byungchan cast in 'A Business Proposal' alongside Kim Se Jung & Ahn Hyo Seop  Watch 'Music Bank' Live feat. Golden Child, ASTRO, The Boyz & more!  2PM's Junho & Chansung team up as 'Team Chichi' in powerful 'Oh. My God. Tuna!' CF song  Netizens react to the newly released actor profile photos of Wei's Kim Yo Han  SPOILER Which male idol hooked up the biggest freshwater fish on 'City Fisherman 3'?  NCT Dream announces online fan meeting event ‘HOT! SUMMER DREAM’ in celebration of their 5th year debut anniversary  Dream Catcher bring out their lovely side in 'Esquire' pictorial  Former IZ*ONE's Choi Ye Na to star in her own web variety show 'Yena's Animal Detective'  Fans LOL at the story of how NCT's Jungwoo & Stray Kids's Lee Know decided they would be friends  'Disney Plus' confirms its launch in South Korea, Hong Kong, and Taiwan  T1419 unveil charismatic teaser photos for 'Before Sunrise Part.3' comeback  2NE1's Dara and Minzy reunite on 'Idol League', to bring feelings of nostalgia with a sweet duet of 'Lonely' + 'I Don't Care'  Yang Hyun Suk's side denies all allegations of threatening informant 'A' and blocking police from investigating B.I for illegal drug use  MONSTA X's Minhyuk chosen as the face of 'Champion' in Korea  Yoon Kye Sang officially registers his marriage with beauty brand CEO girlfriend  Hyoyeon says she sold all of her shares in SM Entertainment a long time ago  Jung Hae In x Goo Kyo Hwan's upcoming Netflix original drama 'D.P.' release official trailer + main poster  Check out the 2nd teaser for Kim Yoo Jung & Ahn Hyo Seop's new fantasy historical romance, 'Lovers of the Red Sky'  Hani, Yoon Si Yoon, and Park Ki Woong hint at a love triangle in first still cuts for 'You Raise Me Up'  ..or follow allkpop to stay updated:  BREAKING Seungri officially sentenced to 3 years in prison for mediating prostitution  AKP BUZZ Netizens are disappointed after seeing a popular streamer on television and her visuals are not what they imagined  Fans LOL at the story of how NCT's Jungwoo & Stray Kids's Lee Know decided they would be friends  "Only 3 years?" Netizens angered that Seungri's prison sentence is so short  Hyoyeon says she sold all of her shares in SM Entertainment a long time ago  BREAKING Seungri officially sentenced to 3 years in prison for mediating prostitution  VICTON's Byungchan cast in 'A Business Proposal' alongside Kim Se Jung & Ahn Hyo Seop  Watch 'Music Bank' Live feat. Golden Child, ASTRO, The Boyz & more!  2PM's Junho & Chansung team up as 'Team Chichi' in powerful 'Oh. My God. Tuna!' CF song  Netizens react to the newly released actor profile photos of Wei's Kim Yo Han  BREAKING Seungri officially sentenced to 3 years in prison for mediating prostitution  AKP BUZZ Netizens are disappointed after seeing a popular streamer on television and her visuals are not what they imagined  "Only 3 years?" Netizens angered that Seungri's prison sentence is so short  Netizens mesmerized by the impeccable beauty of the upcoming girl group members from JYP  Rapper Beenzino's past lyrics that hint at why he turned down the offer of becoming a BTS member regains attention  © 2007 - 2021 6Theory Media, LLC. allkpop® is a registered trademark of 6Theory Media, LLC.  ABOUT | ADVERTISE | COOKIES | PRIVACY | TERMS 