Privacy policy | Wilko Site  What are you looking for?  Garden Arches, Arbours & Canopies  Exterior Wood Paint, Stain & Varnish  Garden Lawn & Plant Care  Grass Seed & Lawn Fertilisers  Garden Canes & Plant Support  Weed Killer & Weed Guards  Outdoor Lights & Solar Lights  Garden Mirrors & Wall Decorations  Lamp Shades & Pendant Lamps  Curtain Poles, Rails & Fixings  Casserole Pans & Stock Pots  Baking Trays, Tins & Cases  Cable Reels & Extension Leads  Door Bells, Alarms & Sensors  Tool Boxes, Bags & Organisers  Dog Training & Waste Bags  Cat Litter, Trays & Disposal  Cat Toys & Scratching Posts  Pet Flea & Worming Control  Cat Flea & Worming Treatments  Dog Flea & Worming Treatments  Domestic Bird Food & Supplies  Mops, Mop Heads & Refills  Dishwasher Tablets & Rinse Aids  Kitchen Rolls, Toilet Rolls & Tissues  Shower Gel & Body Wash  Cleanser & Make Up Remover  Post It Notes & Memo Pads  Paper Clips & Rubber Bands  Packaging Tape & Bubble Wrap  Paddling Pools & Water Toys  Play Sand & Beach Toys  Sports Toys, Equipment & Games  Fancy Dress & Role Play  Sign in / create account  Pay with Laybuy - 6 weeks interest free  Win a £100 gift card  This website requires JavaScript to be enabled if you wish to place an order online. Please enable JavaScript or upgrade your browser.  Why do we need this document?The Data Protection Act 2018 requires wilko to provide certain information to individuals when we process their personal data.What is the purpose of this?To be open and transparent on how wilko processes that personal data and meets its data protection obligations.Who needs to understand this?Customers, suppliers, third parties and visitors and potentially the general public.OwnerData Protection Officer.  How we collect your data  Who we collect data from?  How we use your data  Our legal basis for using your data  Who we share your data with?  Where we store your data  How long we keep your data  Your rights regarding your data  Obtaining a copy of your data  Your right to complain to the regulator  Wilko is committed to being open and transparent about how it processes personal data and meets its data protection obligations. Please read this privacy notice carefully.  This notice covers the wilko family of businesses. For more information on our businesses please go to www.corporate.wilko.com.  This notice together with any documents referred to in it explains how we process your personal data including the collection, storage, how we use it and otherwise process your data. It also explains your rights in relation to that personal data.  2: How we collect your data  We collect data in several ways, including in store, via the website, by phone, fax, post or social media:  Browsing, ordering and buying goods in store or from our website  Registering for an online account  Signing up and receiving marketing emails, competition and prize draw entry  Customer feedback, including satisfaction surveys and product reviews  When you contact us such as via customer services or social media  Taking part in a live chat and other online forums  CCTV and body worn cameras  Development of promotional material, including images  Reports of incidents and crime  3: What data we collect  The type of information that we collect will depend on the interaction or relationship we have with you. Types of information we collect may include:  Residential address and delivery address  Mobile and home phone number  Images and recordings such as CCTV, Audio, adverts, promotional material, events etc.  Age, DOB or age bracket  University details: University name, place and year of study  Interests, hobbies and likes from social media such as Facebook, Twitter  Feedback, survey and quiz responses  Correspondence - when you contact us either in writing or over the phone  Information relating to incidents, crime, offenders, suspected offenders and criminal proceedings  MAC address (Media Access Control address) – which you provide if you access our in store Wi-Fi Details of your visits to our website including, but not limited to: traffic data, location data, web logs and other communication data and the resources that you access  Information on the pages that you have visited on our website, demographics and interests (please see our cookie policy https://www.wilko.com/en-uk/legal/cookie-policy for more information).  4: Who we collect data from?  Individuals who send enquiries/information to us  Visitors to our premises and or website  Team members, contractors, temporary and casual workers  Images captured from our CCTV and other recording devices  5: How we use your data  To process and complete customer transactions, including returns.  To notify you about changes to our goods or services;  To improve/personalise our service offerings to you;  To respond to any comments enquiries or complaints and resolve any issues;  To maintain and administer our records;  To evaluate how our goods and services meet your needs, and to have a better understanding of how where we can make improvements through market research and feedback;  To send you offers we think might be of interest to you;  To prevent, detect and investigate claims and crime, such as fraud, theft, criminal damage etc  To make sure that your visit to our website provides you with the most suitable content (please refer to the cookies policy);  Use your online browsing behaviour and purchases to help us better understand you, meet your needs as a customer and to provide you with marketing communications which are relevant to your interests. (please refer to the cookies policy)  To assist wilko in matters relating to the Health and Safety Act 1974  6: Our legal basis for using your data  We only use your data when we have a legal basis for doing so. The legal basis for using your data will depend on what we need to do but includes:  Contract: for Wilko to provide goods and services  Legal obligation: to comply with the law  Vital Interests: for us to be able to protect individuals  Legitimate Interest: where necessary for our interests or the interest of a third party, after carefully considering any effect to individual rights and freedoms  Consent: where clear consent is given to use your data for a specific purpose.  For more information on our legal basis for sharing please contact infogov@wilko.com  7: Who we share your data with?  We do not share or disclose your data, except as described in this Privacy Notice. The wilko family of businesses may need to share your personal data so that the right business can provide the service you have requested.  Data sharing with third partiesWe also work with trusted third-party suppliers and agencies so they can process data on our behalf, but only where they meet our data protection and security standards. We only share the minimal information that allows them to provide services to us or to facilitate providing services to you.  The types of third parties include:  Advertising, marketing, market research and customer feedback/competition agencies  Other trusted third parties, including IT & website service providers  Law enforcement and Government agencies  Our trusted professional advisers, such as insurance providers, legal, civil / debt recovery and collecting investigators, accountancy and auditors;  8: Where we store your data  We transfer data between our family of businesses and with our suppliers and service providers. Where these providers are based outside the UK, we use appropriate safeguards as set out in the law to protect your data.  9: How long we keep your data  We will only retain your data for as long as is necessary or in accordance with legal requirements. How long we need to keep your personal data will depend on the purpose it was collected for, including: providing you with services you’ve requested, meeting our legal and regulatory obligations, complaints and disputes.  When we no longer have a requirement to keep your data, this will be securely deleted or archived anonymously.  For more information on how long your data is stored please contact infogov@wilko.com  10: Your rights regarding your data  Depending on the circumstances you have several rights available to you and these are set out in the General Data Protection Regulations including  Right to be informed - this means you have a right to be informed about the way we collect and use your data.  Right of Access - this means you have a right to request a copy of the data we hold about you.  Right of Rectification - this means that you can request we correct your personal data if it is inaccurate.  Right of Erasure - this means you can request that all the data that we hold about you is deleted.  Right to Restrict Processing - this means that you can request the processing of your data is blocked and your data is stored separately.  Right to Data Portability - this means that you can request a secure transfer of your data to another business.  Right to Object - this means you have a right to object to direct marketing, including profiling.  Rights Related to Automated Decision Making and Profiling – this means that human intervention can be requested where automated decision making, and profiling is made about you.  Right to withdraw consent – please send to: infogov@wilko.com  11: Obtaining a copy of your data  If you wish to see the personal data, we hold for you then please send your request to infogov@wilko.com  In most circumstances your data will be provided within 30 days and free of charge, unless the request is deemed as manifestly excessive or unfounded.  If you wish to make a request relating to any of the above rights, please contact infogov@wilko.com  The contact details for the Data Protection Officer for wilko are:Name: Tara Neal email address: dpo@wilko.com  13: Your right to complain to the regulator  We would request that you contact us prior contacting the Information Commissioners Office (ICO for short) who are the regulator and supervisory authority for the United Kingdom is, so we can make every effort to reassure you and answer any queries you may have.  You have the right to make a complaint to the ICO if you believe that we are not using your data in accordance with the law.  The ICO website is www.ico.org.uk where you can find information on how to complain.  This Privacy Notice is reviewed and updated on an annual basis, in addition to making any changes in line with updated regulation and communicating changes accordingly.  Reason for update: Annual review  Stay up to date with the latest news and offers!  Enter Your Email Address (required)  By submitting your email, you are giving your consent to receive email updates on products, special offers and exclusive discounts from Wilko.com. If you wish to stop receiving these you can unsubscribe at any time. For more information on how we use your data please see our privacy and cookie policy below.  © wilko 2018 – 2021  We use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience. By continuing to browse this site, please give consent for cookies to be used. Alternatively, you can manage your cookie preferences through your browser at any time. For more details, please read our Cookie Policy.  Item added to your basket  Sorry, your user session has expired. Please select an option to continue. 