Privacy & security - Terms and Conditions | Confused.com  Retrieve a Quote My account  Get car finance tailored to your exact needs.  How to improve your credit rating  Selling a car with outstanding finance?  Representative APR Vs. exact APR  Get car finance tailored to your exact needs.  Tips for buying a car  Tips for selling a car  Get car finance tailored to your exact needs.  Get car finance tailored to your exact needs.  Pre-existing medical conditions travel insurance  How much life insurance cover do you need?  Compare up to 65 brands in under 8 minutes  By using our website and price comparison services and/or entering our promotions, you are agreeing to these terms & conditions.  It is really important that you read and understand these terms and conditions as they contain valuable information and legal facts which will govern our relationship with you.  If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please refrain from using our website.  Our staff are more than happy to help with any further questions or queries you may have. Visit our contact us page for more information.  Confused.com Rewards terms and conditions  Car insurance - Beat your renewal quote with Confused.com terms and conditions - post 1st March 2018  Home insurance - Beat your renewal quote with Confused.com terms and conditions - post 1st March 2018  Van insurance - Beat your renewal quote with Confused.com terms and conditions - 1st July 2020 - 31st August 2020  Van insurance - Beat your renewal quote with Confused.com terms and conditions - post 31 August 2020  Alexa car insurance skill terms and conditions  Our contact form is the quickest way to get in  touch with us. But if you're having difficulty  using the form, please email us at  Alternatively, you can contact us in writing:  Download our app to help manage your car dates, running costs and insurance  © Copyright 2008 - 2021 Confused.com. All rights reserved.  Confused.com, 3rd Floor, Greyfriars House, Greyfriars Road, Cardiff, CF10 3AL, United Kingdom  Confused.com is a trading name of Inspop.com Limited and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority  How to improve your credit rating  Selling a car with outstanding finance?  Representative APR Vs. exact APR  Tips for buying a car  Tips for selling a car  Pre-existing medical conditions travel insurance  How much life insurance cover do you need?  We use cookies, some of which are essential to make our website work. For us to use our non-essential cookies, we need your consent. You can consent by accepting all or alternatively, manage your cookies at any time. For more information, read our  Do you want to accept non-essential cookies?  Non-essential cookies allow us to enhance your customer experience through testing and personalisation. They also allow us to present you with tailored advertising on social media.  Select yes if you agree to non-essential cookies  Accept all cookies and continue