Foreca Privacy Policy for Consumers  Foreca takes the privacy of its consumers very seriously. We comply fully with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Any personal information we obtain regarding Foreca consumer services will be dealt with in accordance with this policy.  Does this privacy policy concern you?  This privacy policy concerns you if you use any of the Foreca service provided for consumers, like the foreca.com weather site and Foreca Weather Free mobile app, or you otherwise deal with us as a private person within the EU. If you use Foreca services for business, you can find the privacy policy meant for you here.  The GDPR applies to personal data. This is any information that can directly or indirectly identify a natural person, like you.  What data is processed and why is it processed  Foreca collects information about your use of the service for three main reasons:  to be able to develop best weather services for you,  to be able to provide relevant advertisement for you (please note, the service and its development is funded by advertisement)  to be able to contact you when you give us feedback, send us your job application, or in other similar circumstances we need to contact you.  Foreca may process the following information when you use the service:  Cookies are used to store your personal settings in the service such as favourite locations  Cookies are used to track which features of the service are used and how much. We use the information for technical developing of the services. The following analytics services are utilized for this purpose:  Google Analytics - edit your preferences  Social media sharing functionalities use cookies. The cookies are processes by:  AddThis - edit your preferences  Cookies are used to provide relevant advertisement according to your interests as provided by the advertisement agencies. Foreca uses the following advertisement providers:  how Google uses your information  Depending on the ads that Google serve, data may be shared with additional ad tehcnology provides listed below.{*To see full list of the providers, click here*}.  BDSK Handels GmbH & Co. KG  BDSK Handels GmbH & Co. KG  Havas Media France - DBi  Marketing Science Consulting Group, Inc.  travel audience – An Amadeus Company  True Ultimate Standards Everywhere Inc.  IP address of your device. IP address is used to  track and fix problems you experienced in the service if you have given us feedback.  track the possible misuse of service.  If you use the locate feature in the service Foreca receives your location coordinates (in the accuracy your device has it). Location data is only used to provide weather data for your location, and it will not be saved.  Personal data provided by you  We may collect your personal data you provide us, for instance, in the following ways:  you fill out our web forms, like contact forms, feedback forms, user surveys, competitions, or other general web forms  you send us an email  you send us your job application  This data is only used to the purpose that is clarified in each context.  How do we obtain your personal information?  Foreca obtains your personal information confidentially ensuring appropriate security. We only store the information that is lawful and has a purpose. We store the information only as long as it is necessary.  Foreca won't share your personal information to 3rd parties, or mainly won't manage your personal information outside the EU, except anonymized IP-addresses and cookies that cannot identify a unique user. If we process personal data in systems outside the EU, we ensure an adequate level of protection of personal data by ensuring that the system vendor complies with EU requirements in accordance with the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) as a lawful transfer mechanism for personal data transferred outside of the EU, Switzerland or the UK.  Your consent to Foreca to obtain your personal information  By consenting to this privacy policy you are giving Foreca a permission to obtain your personal data as described in this page.  Your rights to view change or remove your personal data  You may withdraw consent at any time by deleting cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can also adjust your personalized ad preferences via Google Ads Settings.  In case you have provided us any personal information, you have the right to know what information we obtain and change/remove it by sending us your request at any time.  As children's privacy is very important, we do not obtain any personal information on purpose from people under 16 years of age without the permission of his/her guardian. A guardian has the right to view the information obtained from a child and ask for removal.  Possible changes to this privacy policy in the future  Foreca reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time by posting changes online. You are responsible for reviewing the possible changes regularly in this privacy policy.  This privacy policy has been updated: 2020-08-11