ProductPricingResourcesBlogCase studiesMediaCompanySupportSign InCreate accountAlready a user? Sign InRequest a demoRequest a demoPrivacy PolicyThis privacy notice (Privacy Notice) sets out the ways in which we, Clustermarket Limited (we, us, our), collect and use your personal data in connection with our business. It also explains your rights in respect of your personal data. CONTENTSIntroduction About us Information we may collect about you How we collect personal data How we use information about you Who we might share your information with How we look after your information How long we keep personal data How you can help to keep your information safe International transfers of your information Your rights to the information we hold about you Third parties and linksChanges to this Privacy NoticeINTRODUCTIONIn this privacy notice, the capitalised terms below have the following meanings:Customer: means a user of our online Portal who requests and uses equipment, laboratory and technical services from a Provider.Listing: means information published on the Platform by Providers about available equipment, laboratory and technical services. Personal data: means any data which can be associated with you as an individual, either directly or indirectly.Platform: means our websites (https://www.clustermarket.com and https://www.bookkit.org) and our online portal (https://app.clustermarket.com).Portal: means our online portal for requesting and supplying equipment, laboratory and technical services.Provider: means a user of the Portal who makes available equipment, laboratory and technical services via our Portal.The Platform is not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect or maintain the personal information of children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not access the Platform at any time or in any manner. We will take appropriate steps to delete the personal information of persons under the age of 13. ABOUT USWe are a company registered in England and Wales under company number 09485659 with our registered address as set out below. We are registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) under number ZA816561.You can contact us as follows: FAO: Johannes Solzbach (CEO)Address: Devonshire House, 582 Honeypot Lane, Stanmore, Middlesex, HA7 1JS, London, UKEmail: info@clustermarket.com INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT ABOUT YOUWe collect different information depending on how you use our Platform and how you interact with us. If you use our Platform, we may collect:Identity and contact data: title, names, addresses, email addresses and phone numbers.Account data: if you’re registering for an account you will provide a password, log-in details, and employment sector, and optionally your job title/position, gender, phone number and language preferences. You may also provide proof of your authority to register an account on behalf of your organisation. We will never have access to or visibility of your password.Information transmitted via the Platform: we will collect information that you upload or post to your account (e.g. in reviews, details of products, facilities and services you offer, availability dates) and/or any correspondence, agreement and/or interactions that you may have with other Platform users.Usage and transaction data: information about how you use the Platform (pages viewed, searches, requests, bookings etc.), and any communications we may receive from you, including in response to any surveys.Payment data: if you make transactions via our Portal, you will need to provide payment details, which may include billing addresses and bank account details. We do not collect credit/debit card details: if you choose to pay by card, all card information is collected direct by our payment processor.Technical data: your internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access our Platform.Social media data: if you interact with us via social media, we may collect the information that you have shared on the relevant platform.Marketing and communications data: including your preferences in receiving marketing and other communications from us.If you are submitting a job application, attending one of our events, or are providing information for advertising/marketing on the Platform, you may provide additional information about your academic and professional history, references, proof of your identity and entitlement to work in the UK, your national security number, and any other such similar information that you may provide us.We do not generally collect 'special categories' of personal data (such as your race or ethnicity, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, health and whether or not you have any disability) via our Platform. However, we may collect this information if you progress a job application with us. HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATADifferent personal data is collected in different ways. You may provide some of the data to us direct, or we may collect it automatically or (less frequently) from a third party.Personal data that you provide to us. We will collect personal data that you provide to us, including when you:make an enquiry or correspond with us by email, or on our Platform, or over the phone;create or update your account on our Platform;use our Platform (e.g. when you fill in a form, conduct a search, post a Listing, submit reviews or comments, or interact or contract with other Platform users);subscribe to our newsletter and mailing lists;register to attend our events or meetups;submit a CV/application to a job vacancy;‘follow’, ‘like’, post to or interact with our social media accounts, including Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Xing and Instagram;attend an interview or assessment; ormake an application for paid advertising on our Platform.Personal data we collect automatically.As you use our Platform, we will collect certain technical data including your operating system, browser type, the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your device to the internet, and your usage habits, patterns and preferences. We collect this data using cookies, beacons and similar technologies. Cookies are small amounts of information in the form of text files which we store on the device you use to access our Platform. Cookies allow us to monitor and simplify your use of the Platform.  For more information about the cookies we use, and information about how to block or reject cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy. Information we receive from third partiesIn certain circumstances, we will receive information about you from third parties. For example: Other Portal users: we may receive personal information from other Portal users (who may be based inside or outside of your organisation). This could include reviews by other users, details about the services you offer, information relating to transactions and/or correspondence between Platform users.Fraud detection agencies: where permitted or required by law, we may receive demographic data or fraud detection information from third party service providers and/or partners. Employers, recruitment agencies and referees: if you are a job applicant we may contact your recruiter, current and former employers and/or referees, who may be based inside or outside the EU, to provide information about you and your application. Our service providers: we may collect personal information from our Platform developer, IT support and security providers, customer service support provider, survey tool providers and payment services provider. If you log in to our ‘mylivechat’ support tool via your social media or email account, we will be able to see your user name from the relevant service.Publicly available sources: we currently use publicly available sources such as Companies House) to carry out identity and compliance checks. Marketing partners: we might also receive information about you from third parties if you have indicated to such third party that you would like to hear from us. HOW WE USE INFORMATION ABOUT YOUWe will only use your information where:We need it to perform our contract with you. We need to process some of your data to give you access to the Platform. We will use your identity and contact data, your account data, the information you transmit through the Platform, your payment data and some technical and usage data to make sure that the Portal functions properly and enable you to communicate and transact with us and other users.  This also includes any other uses of your data which are covered by our terms and conditions, including notifying you of any changes and resolving any disputes between Portal users.We have a reasonable business purpose (legitimate interest) for doing so.We will use your information for our legitimate business reasons where our doing so will not unduly affect your rights. We will use your identity, contact, account and usage information to keep our records up to date, provide you with user support, and to provide you with updates and information (where the law allows this).We will use your technical information to:provide and make improvements to the Platform, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data, and troubleshooting;ensure that the Platform is secure;analyse how users interact with the Platform; inform our marketing strategy; andaddress any issues you may experience with the Platform. We use social media and usage data to develop and promote our business.We may also use any or all of the information we collect about you to administer and manage our business in general, including for analytical and research purposes. If you feel that your interests and fundamental rights outweigh our business purposes, and that we should therefore stop processing your data, please let us know.You have given us permission to do so.If you have opted in to our mailing lists, we will send you updates and marketing information that you have consented to receive. Likewise, we may need your contact, identity, technical and/or usage information to respond to a question you have asked us.If you apply for a position with us, we treat any information you send to us as strictly private and confidential and will only use it in relation to application you have submitted.To comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.In certain circumstances, we may need to retain or use your data to comply with regulations and/or the law.WHO WE MIGHT SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITHSome of your personal data (particularly your account information and contact details) will be shared with other Portal users so that you can transact, communicate with and review each other.Your name and email address may be shared with Clustermarket's partners, community members and collaborators: including small to medium enterprises and Providers who advertise on our Platform, science and technology accelerators, charities we  sponsor, event hosts and partners (such as those involved in our Science Entrepreneur Club) .We may share your information with our trusted third party service providers. When we share your information with our service providers, we will ensure that your data is kept secure and used only in accordance with this notice. Our service providers include:IT development, administration, security and support (including survey tools and maps providers);marketing and advertising services (including the Google Adwords service) and analytics providers (including Google Analytics);payment providers; identity verification and fraud prevention and detection services; banking and professional services providers; andrecruitment service providers.On rare occasions, we may share personal data when we believe it is necessary to comply with the law, regulation or legal request (including a court order or government inquiry); to enforce or apply our terms of use or other agreements; in the context of a company reorganisation or restructuring exercise; or to protect our rights, property, or safety or those of our employees, customers, or others. HOW WE LOOK AFTER YOUR INFORMATIONWe operate a practice of 'privacy by design'. This means that we have based our business around your privacy by looking for opportunities to minimise and protect the personal information we hold about you. We use appropriate technological and operational security measures to protect your information against any unauthorised access or unlawful use, such as: ensuring the digital security of our Platform by protecting it using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption;ensuring that your access to the Portal is password protected;ensuring the physical security of our offices or other sites;ensuring the physical and digital security of our equipment and devices by using appropriate password protection;maintaining a data protection policy for, and delivering data protection training to, our employees; andlimiting access to your personal information to those in our company who need to use it in the course of their work. HOW LONG WE KEEP PERSONAL DATAWe will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.If you would like further information in respect of our Data Retention Policy, please email us at info@clustermarket.com.HOW YOU CAN HELP TO KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFEYou can also play a part in keeping your information safe by:choosing a strong account password and changing it regularly;using different passwords for different online accounts;keeping your booking references and passwords confidential and avoiding sharing your login with others;making sure you log out of the Portal each time you have finished using it. This is particularly important when using a shared computer;letting us know if you know or suspect that your account or booking has been compromised, or if someone has accessed your account without your permission;keeping your devices protected by using the latest version of your operating system and maintaining any necessary anti-virus software; andbeing vigilant to any fraudulent emails that may appear to be from us. Any emails that we send will come from an email address ending in ‘@clustermarket.com’.INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF YOUR INFORMATIONOur company is located in the UK and our Platform is hosted on servers located in the EEA. When we transfer your data outside of UK or the EEA to a country which the European Commission does not deem to have adequate data privacy laws, we will ensure that such transfer(s) are in accordance with applicable data privacy laws. In most cases, we do this by implementing the Model Clauses pursuant to European Commission decision 2004/915/EC or 2010/87/EU (as appropriate).Please contact us using the contact details at the top of this Privacy Notice if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.YOUR RIGHTS TO THE INFORMATION WE HOLD ABOUT YOU  You have certain rights over your personal data. You may:require us to rectify the personal data we hold about you, where that data is incorrect;require that we restrict the processing of your personal information in certain circumstances;request access to the personal data that we hold about you;require that, in certain circumstances, we delete the personal information we hold about you;require that we provide you with the information that we hold about you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format; and/orwithdraw your consent to our using your data for marketing purposes at any time.You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”), which is the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, be grateful if you would contact us in the first instance so we can endeavour to deal with any concerns direct. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at info@clustermarket.com.To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.THIRD PARTIES AND LINKS You might end up providing personal information directly to third parties as a consequence of your interactions with our Platform and other services offered by Clustermarket. For example, your name and other personal information will be shared with other Platform users when you correspond with them via the Platform, you may provide your name and booking details directly to a Provider when you attend their facilities, or you may attend an event hosted by us where you communicate personal information directly with other attendees. Clustermarket is not responsible for how such third parties use personal data provided by you.  Please be responsible with personal information of others when using our Platform and the services available on it, and the services and facilities of (e.g. by following instructions to delete personal data from Provider equipment once your booking has finished). Clustermarket is not responsible for your misuse of personal information, or for the direct relationship between you and others when takes place outside of the Platform or our services. Likewise, the Platform may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our Platform, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICEWe may make changes to this Privacy Notice from time to time. We will post any changes to our site, or notify you of any material changes by e-mail.It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us by updating your profile account information or contacting us via the contact details at the top of this Privacy Notice.This Privacy Notice was last updated on 25/11/2020.‍CompanyAbout usCareersContactProductOverviewPricingSecurityGDPRResourcesBlogCase studiesMediaStatusSupportFAQTutorialsEventsManualLegalTerms and ConditionsPrivacy policyCookie policyFollow us  This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.  Strictly necessary cookies allow core website functionality such as user login and account management. The website cannot be used properly without strictly necessary cookies.  This cookie is used by Cookie-Script.com service to remember visitor cookie consent preferences. It is necessary for Cookie-Script.com cookie banner to work properly.  Performance cookies are used to see how visitors use the website, eg. analytics cookies. Those cookies cannot be used to directly identify a certain visitor.  This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. It is reported by them as being used for website analytics.  This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. HubSpot report that its purpose is user authentication. As a persistent rather than a session cookie it cannot be classified as Strictly Necessary.  This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. It is reported by them as being used for website analytics.  This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports.  This cookie is set by Google Analytics. It stores and update a unique value for each page visited and is used to count and track pageviews.  This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It is a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.  Hotjar cookie. This cookie is set when the customer first lands on a page with the Hotjar script. It is used to persist the random user ID, unique to that site on the browser. This ensures that behavior in subsequent visits to the same site will be attributed to the same user ID.  The cookie is set so Hotjar can track the beginning of the user's journey for a total session count. It does not contain any identifiable information.  This cookie name is associated with websites built on the HubSpot platform. It is reported by them as being used for website analytics.  The cookie is set so Hotjar can track the beginning of the user's journey for a total session count. It does not contain any identifiable information.  General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites written in JSP. Usually used to maintain an anonymous user session by the server.  Personalisation cookies are used to identify visitors between different websites, eg. content partners, banner networks. Those cookies may be used by companies to build a profile of visitor interests or show relevant ads on other websites.  This cookie is set by YouTube to track views of embedded videos.  This cookie is set by Youtube to keep track of user preferences for Youtube videos embedded in sites;it can also determine whether the website visitor is using the new or old version of the Youtube interface.  This cookie is set by Doubleclick and carries out information about how the end user uses the website and any advertising that the end user may have seen before visiting the said website.  Functionality cookies are used to remember visitor information on the website, eg. language, timezone, enhanced content.  This cookie is used to recognize visitors who chat with you via the chatflows tool. If the visitor leaves your site before they're added as a contact, they will have this cookie associated with their browser.  Unclassified cookies are cookies that do not belong to any other category or are in the process of categorization.  Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. Websites use cookies to help users navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. Cookies that are required for the website to operate properly are allowed to be set without your permission. All other cookies need to be approved before they can be set in the browser.  You can change your consent to cookie usage at any time on our Privacy Policy page.  Cookie report created by Cookie-Script