Privacy & Cookie Policy | Demon Tweeks  JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.  For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.  From a Post Office near you  Celebrating 50 yearslearn how we got started  There are no items in your basket.  Current VehicleNo current vehicleAdd/select a vehicle  Steering Wheel Bases & Rims  Tyre Pressure Gauges & Durometers  Gear Knobs & Quick Shift Kits  Rev Limiters & Shift Lights  Brake Hose, Fittings & Adaptors  Throttle Bodies & ECU Kits  Anti Roll Bars & Body Bracing  Air Filter Servicing & Accessories  Universal Air Filters & Breathers  Brake Disc & Pad Kits  Brake Paints, Tools & Servicing  Pressure Washers & Machine Polishers  Dump Valves & Fitting Kits  Camshaft Kits, Pulleys & Belts  Gearknobs, Handbrakes, Pedal Sets & Accessories  Switches, Panels & Warning Lights  Electrical Wiring, Fuses & Tools  Body Panels, Grilles & Trims  Air Filter Oils & Cleaners  Tank Pads & Paint Protection  Grab Rails & Sports Racks  Screwdrivers, Bits & Bit Sets  Pliers, Cutters & Bolt Croppers  Chargers, Power Packs & Generators  Hydraulic Presses & Arbor Presses  Vehicle Repair Tools & Equipment  Tool Boxes, Chests & Storage  Tool Boxes, Chests & Storage  Roller Cabinets & Top Boxes  Tool Boxes, Bags & Cases  Garage Storage, Shelving & Racking  Vehicle Ramps & Wheel Chocks  Transmission Jacks & Gearbox Supports  Grinders & Cut Off Saws  Pillar Drills & Milling Machines  Glue & Hot Air Guns  Reciprocating Saws, Jigsaws & Accessories  Circular Saws & Table Saws  Motorsport & Karting 01978 664466Performance & Road 01978 664555Car Wheels, Tyres & Exhausts 01978 664468Motorcycle & MX (Inc Tyres) 01978 664474Export Sales (0044)1978 664461Email Us sales@demon-tweeks.comExport Email exportsales@demon-tweeks.comCustomer Services 01978 663000  Agree XCookie PolicyWe use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our use of cookies.To learn more about the cookies we use and how to disable cookies, please see our Cookie Policy Agree  Privacy issues are very important to us and we will only use information we collect about you in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and General Data Protection Regulations 2018.  You must not use this website or our services if you do not accept this Privacy Policy.  The information we collect about you when you place an order or register on our site will include your name, e-mail address, delivery address, credit or debit card number and the card's expiry date. We use this information in order to process orders and run your Account, for credit purposes , marketing, market research and analysis and to notify you of the status of the order.  We also ask you for your telephone number which enables us to contact you urgently in the event of there being a problem or query with your order or Account.  We use this data to send updates regarding the status and delivery of your orders, to improve the content, design and functionality of our website and to understand the buying behaviour of our registered users  We have taken the protection of your data very seriously and implement precautions to create a secure environment to safeguard the information supplied by you to us when making an order or registering an Account. When an order is placed or Account registered we offer the use of a secure service. Essentially, we have adopted the industry standard encryption methods in that the Transport Layer Security (TLS) encrypts all information input before it is sent to us. For security reasons and to protect your right to privacy we may occasionally request proof of identity from you before disclosing any sensitive information to you or accepting any changes to the details we hold for you.  We will only keep the data you give us as long as it is required to complete the activity for which it was given or for legitimate business/legal reasons.  Disclosure of Information to Third Parties  We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information (data) to others. In order to improve our website and the services offered may provide non- identifying statistics or analytical records of sales and traffic to legitimate third parties and individuals with whom we have a formal business relationship in, to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples of these might be a courier delivering your goods to you or when processing credit card payments. Please rest assured that these reputable companies or individuals are not permitted to use this information for any other purposes and they are also required to process any such data in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and General Data Protection Regulations 2018.  In order to be able to offer you Klarna’s payment options, we will pass to Klarna certain aspects of your personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you.  General information on Klarna you can find here. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and accordance with the information in Klarna’s privacy policy.  You may obtain details of the personal information we hold on you by e-mailing us at security@demon-tweeks.com.  You can opt out of e-mail updates by sending us an e-mail at unsubscribe@demon-tweeks.com requesting that you be removed from our updates list. You can also opt out of e-mail updates by clicking the relevant link listed at the bottom of each email campaign that we send. The link will allow you to either amend your details to let us know which information you would like to receive or to remove yourself entirely from our email updates.  If you have any comments, suggestions or concerns about this Privacy Policy please e-mail security@demon-tweeks.com.  Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit web pages.  At Demon Tweeks we use cookies to improve your site experience and they help us identify any issues and areas for improvements. Cookies allow us to remember the products you have compared or added to your basket and to remember you when you return to our site in order to enhance your shopping experience with us.  Our cookies don't store sensitive information such as your name, address or payment details: they simply hold the key to remembering you as a browser on our website.  The list below provides more details about what type of cookies we use:  The association with the customer's shopping cart.  Stores the category info on the page to load pages faster.  Store the items in your Compare Products list.  An encrypted version of your customer ID.  Indicates if the you are currently logged in to the store.  An encrypted version of your customer group.  Indicates if caching is disabled or enabled.  Determines if guests can edit their orders.  Stores the last category you visited.  Stores the most recent product you viewed.  Indicates whether a new message has been received.  Indicates if the cache can be used to store information.  A link to information about your cart and viewing history.  Information on products your have emailed to friends.  Stores the store view or language chosen by yourself.  Indicates if you allowed cookies to be saved.  Stores the products in your wishlist.  Stores the number of items in your wishlist.  Determines if the shopper is in a new session/visit.  Saves the traffic source or campaign that explains how you reached our site.  Sign up for our exciting newsletters  Lines open Mon - Sat 8.30am - 5.30pm. Local Rates  Wheels, Tyres & Exhaust Sales  All of our contact numbers are available on our Contact Page  Connect with us on Facebook  Connect with us on Twitter  Demon Tweeks, 75 Ash Road South, Wrexham Industrial Estate, Wrexham, LL13 9UG. Company no. 01049663, Vat no. GB 840 2501 70 Copyright © 2021 Demon Tweeks. All rights reserved.  Add a new VehicleAdd CarAdd MotorcycleSaved VehiclesYou have no saved vehicles.Apply changes