Terms of Service - Sanfoundry  CS – IT – IS  ECE – EEE – EE  CS – IT – IS  ECE – EEE – EE  CS – IT – IS  ECE – EEE – EE  CS – IT – IS  ECE – EEE – EE  By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site.  The Content in this site belongs to Sanfoundry. You can read Full copyright details here.  The purpose of this site is to provide useful information to public in the form of useful tutorials, quizzes and programs. Even though every care has been taken in preparing these useful data, sanfoundry.com doesn’t guarantee the accuracy of the content or information provided in this site and won’t be responsible for any incorrect questions, answers, content and any form of error. Sanfoundry.com will not be responsible in anyway for any damages and/or consequences that might occur due to incorrect content or information in this site. You can use this information solely at your own risk. Users submitting code, questions, answers, data and comments to this site assert that they own that piece of content and Sanfoundry assumes no liability for the data submitted by users to this site. All trademarks and company names published in this site are property of their respected companies and/or owners. Sanfoundry doesn’t have any business tie-up with organizations mentioned in our website.  The materials appearing on Sanfoundry.com’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Sanfoundry.com may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Sanfoundry.com does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.  5. Site Terms of Use Modifications  Sanfoundry.com may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.  You can read our Privacy Policy here.  About | Certifications | Internships | Jobs | Privacy Policy | Terms | Copyright | Contact  © 2011-2021 Sanfoundry. All Rights Reserved.  CS – IT – IS  ECE – EEE – EE  1000 Data Structures & Algorithms I MCQs  1000 Data Structures & Algorithms II MCQs 