Vskills | Govt Certifications, India’s Largest Certification Body  All exams are online now due to COVID related precautions | Download the app or write to us at info@vskills.in  Logistics & Supply Chain Management  Certification by Govt. of India PSU  2.5+ million plus users, 50000+ certified candidates  Which certification should I take ?  Choose from 200+ Skills Certification  Logistics & Supply Chain Management  Master of Supply Chain Management and Logistics  Certified Six Sigma Green Belt Professional  Certified Big Data and Apache Hadoop Developer  I am Pleased by Vskills Team for helping me out for enhance knowledge nd certification in My KYC nd AML field and to get a go...  This course was so well structured and is easily broken down such that even a person with no knowledge of six sigma can grasp...  Certified Six Sigma Green Belt Professional  Having a great time with all the new experience and information. For a newbie, the information is valuable and also me to exp...  I started learning on Vskills for just basic knowledge, but the course really helped me gain interest in Logistics.  Certified Logistics and Supply Chain Management Professional  Vskills is one of the top learning platforms, Amazing courses with well designed contents.  Certified Learning and Development (L&D) Manager  Well i would just to firstly say a big thank you to all the course creators and tutors for all the hard work and effort.  Certificate in POSH (Prevention of Sexual Harassment)  Amazing course with well designed content.  I was insearch for this course, I am glad to have come across this.  For some looking for affordable place to learn a new skill, Vskills is just the right place.  Very helpful to me. Totally recommend.  It's was amazing I love it.  Certified Global Business Leadership Professional  I am at a half way on the first module of the course and I could say that the course is very good and the presentation is ver...  Vskills was very helpful to learn python which I thought was tough but not now.  It's very useful course and I am learning new thing.  Certified Marketing and Sales Analytics Professional 