Privacy and Cookie Policy | The Co-operative Bank  Log in to Personal Banking  Log in to online banking  Log in to Personal Online Banking  Find out about our range of banking products and apply online.  Get help with applications and learn about how the switching process works.  Continue with a saved application  Help and info for customers  Help and information about products, for our existing customers.  Help and info for customers  What to do when someone dies  Power of Attorney & Court of Protection  All help and info for customers  Find out about how we do banking.  Find out about banking online and the other digital services we offer.  Log in to Personal Banking  Our privacy policy contains information on how we keep your data safe, and how we use your personal information. For more information view our privacy policy.  For full details of how your information may be used for credit reference and fraud prevention purposes by The Co-operative Bank and the Credit Reference Agencies, please read our guide on the use of your personal data.  Our cookie policy explains how we use your online data to create a better experience for you. For more information, view our cookie policy.  If you'd like more help & information, you can:  Chat to us via live chat  Visit us in your local branch  Call us to talk to an advisor  Our Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement  The Co-operative Bank Twitter feed - @CooperativeBank  The Co-operative Bank YouTube channel  The Co-operative Bank is covered by the FSCS.  The Co-operative Bank, Platform, smile and Britannia are trading names of The Co-operative Bank p.l.c., P.O. Box 101, 1 Balloon Street, Manchester M60 4EP. Registered in England and Wales No. 990937.  The Co‑operative Bank p.l.c. is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority (No. 121885). The Co‑operative Bank, Platform, smile and Britannia are trading names of The Co‑operative Bank p.l.c., P.O. Box 101, 1 Balloon Street, Manchester M60 4EP. Registered in England and Wales No.990937. Credit facilities are provided by The Co‑operative Bank p.l.c. and are subject to status and our lending policy. The Bank reserves the right to decline any application for an account or credit facility. The Co‑operative Bank p.l.c. subscribes to the Standards of Lending Practice which are monitored by the Lending Standards Board. 