Fast Delivery - Printed in the UK  Couple & wedding wall calendars  See All Kids Party Invitations  13x18cm (5 x 7 in)  21x30cm (8 ¼ x 11 ¾ in)  30x30cm (11 ¾ x 11 ¾ in)  30x40cm (11 ¾ x 15 ¼ in)  40x50cm (15 ¾ x 19 ⅝ in)  50x50cm (19 ¾ x 19 ¾ in)  50x70cm (19 ¾ x 27 ½ in)  60x90cm (24 x 35 3/8 in)  70x100cm (27 ½ x 39 ¼ in)  13x18cm (5 x 7 in)  21x30cm (8 ¼ x 11 ¾ in)  30x30cm (11 ¾ x 11 ¾ in)  30x40cm (11 ¾ x 15 ¼ in)  40x50cm (15 ¾ x 19 ⅝ in)  50x50cm (19 ¾ x 19 ¾ in)  50x70cm (19 ¾ x 27 ½ in)  60x90cm (24 x 35 3/8 in)  70x100cm (27 ½ x 39 ¼ in)  Create your own tote bag  Spiral Notebook for work & home  Softback Notebook for work & home  Product CategoriesCardsCanvas printsPhoto PostersArt PrintsPhoto BooksMugsCalendarsClothingTote Bags  Sorry, we couldn’t find any results for:  Product CategoriesCardsCanvas printsPhoto PostersArt PrintsPhoto BooksMugsCalendarsClothingTote Bags  The Optimalprint Service is provided by Gelato AS, who is committed to  protecting the personal data of those individuals who visit our websites  and register to use our products and services. This policy describes our  data protection practices and how we use and collect the Personal Data that  you share with us when browsing our Websites and/or registering for our  products. Our processing of your Personal Data is needed for us to deliver  the service to you. We may also process your Personal Data in order to  comply with our legal obligations as explained below or due to our  1. PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT  We will collect Personal Data from you in the following circumstances:  When you create an account and  We will collect your first and last name, E-mail address, postal address,  phone number, password, payment information, such as  your credit card or PayPal account information, drafts of product designs  that you save under your Account, content that you choose to save under  your Account, communications and correspondence sent to and from your  Account, information about purchasing habits and preferences, order  When you create or design Products:  We may collect any images, text, logos or other content that you upload or  submit, including information related to or included within such content,  such as the names, birthdates, ages and gender of individuals to whom the  When interacting with Social media sites:  You may be able to register and create an Account to use the Services using  your Facebook, Google or other social media accounts. If you choose to use  this option, where available, we will access your social media account  profile information, such as your name and e-mail address.  The Services may give you the option to upload a photo from your social  media account, such as Facebook and Instagram, and from your account with  cloud storage services, such as Google Photos. If you choose to use this  functionality, we will access your social media account profile  information, including your profile photo and all photos that you have  saved within your social media account.  You can stop sharing your social media account profile information with us  at any time by removing Gelato’s access to that account. Any information  that we collect from your Facebook or other social media account may depend  on the privacy settings you have with that social media, so please consult  the social media’s own privacy and data practices.  2. PURPOSE AND USE OF PERSONAL DATA  We use your Personal Data, including your Content, for the following  · To provide you with the services and to evaluate, modify and enhance the  · To enable you to set up your account, to create and design Products,  process and fulfill your order  · To process your payment, facilitate billing and issue invoices, as  · To communicate with you and to respond to your requests  · To provide you with customer service and support  For corporate account management purposes  · To help keep our website safe and secure and to improve the website  We use Automatic Information to analyze trends, administer the Website and  track user activities on the Website if you have consented to this in the  We will create anonymous data records from Personal Data by excluding  information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable  to you. We use such Anonymous Data records to analyze request and usage  patterns so that we may enhance the content of the Services and improve  3. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA  We disclose your Personal Data as described below. Personal Data provided  by you or that we may obtain automatically by your use of the Website, is  not and will not be sold, rented, or shared by us with any third party  Transfer and Storage of Personal Data  Your Personal Data will be transmitted, uploaded, transferred, stored, or  backed up at Gelato’s servers with our GDPR compliant cloud providers in  the United States and Europe.  We will share your Personal Data with third party companies and individuals  that perform Services on our behalf to help us provide the Website and  Services to you. In Order to fulfill your print Order in the most  environmentally friendly way, we let the printer closest to the address of  delivery print your products. This may mean a transfer of your personal  data out of EU. Other examples of Services that may be provided by Third  Party Service Providers may include, but are not limited to: processing  credit card payments with our payment provider in EU, providing customer  service by our suppliers in EU and the Philippines, and maintaining our  customer lists by our service providers in EU. Third Party Service  Providers acting on our behalf are only provided with such Personal Data  reasonably required to provide the particular service for which they are  retained. Our Third-Party Service Providers are obligated to keep all of  your Personal Data confidential and to collect, use and disclose your  Personal Data only to the extent necessary to provide the Services on our  behalf. They are fully compliant to the EU GDPR regulation and have signed  a Data Processing Agreement with Gelato.  From time to time, we may share your Personal Data in a way so that it is  only readable by the intended advertiser to be able to serve you relevant  information and marketing messages on that advertising platform. We may  also share aggregated demographic information and/or customer ID numbers  with our partners and advertisers. This is based on your consent to the  Cookie Policy. We do not sell Personal Data to third parties for their  For online payments, we use the payment services of Adyen B.V. Gelato does  not process, record or maintain your credit card or bank account  information. Gelato records the payment method you have chosen. For  Optimalprint Premium members, for Native app customers and customers who  prefer, Adyen will store the applicable payment data provided by you in  order to charge the periodic fee. This is also optional for all  We may share some or all of your Personal Data in connection with or during  negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution,  transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or  disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of  an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Data may also be  transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company,  business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Data that we  have collected and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your  Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy. The company may need  your consent to continue handling your data.  Compliance with Law, Court Order, and Other Disclosures  You hereby acknowledge and agree that Gelato may, in its sole discretion,  release Account and other Personal Data when we believe such release is  appropriate: (a) to comply with an applicable law, statute, regulation,  Court order, or administrative proceeding; (b) in connection with any legal  investigation; (c) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or  potential violation of this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use; or (d) to  protect the rights, property, or safety of Gelato, our users, or others.  This may include exchanging information with other companies and  organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.  The Website may contain links to third party websites, or third party  websites may otherwise be associated with the Website. These companies are  GDPR compliant and Gelato has signed a Data Processing Agreement with them.  Gelato is not responsible for the policies and practices employed by the  owners of such third party websites, including but not limited to their  collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data, nor does Gelato offer  any (and expressly disclaims any) guarantee, representation, warranty, or  covenant of any kind with respect to the collection, use or disclosure of  your Personal Data by any third party site that is linked from (or is  otherwise associated with) the Website. Please consult the terms and  conditions and privacy policies of any third party websites prior to use.  Security of Your Personal Data  We employ security safeguards to protect your Personal Data against loss or  theft, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or  modification. When we transmit highly confidential information over the  Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption technology, such as  the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. We also protect your stored  password through the use of encryption technology.  4. YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL DATA  Optimalprint uses Cookies and similar technologies to provide and support  our Websites and Services, as more fully explained in our Cookie Policy;  If you do not wish to receive Cookies, or want to be notified of when they  are placed, you may change this on the Cookie bar or set your web browser  to do so or withdraw your consent with us. Please note that if Cookies are  turned off, you may not be able to view certain parts of the Website that  may enhance your visit and you may be unable to use some or all of the  functionality of the Website and Services.  By being an active and existing customer of Gelato, we have a legitimate  interest of marketing our products to you. You can unsubscribe to this kind  of communication in your customer Account or at any time by following the  unsubscribe instructions in communication sent to you or by contacting us.  Despite your indicated opt-out preferences, we may continue to send you  administrative and transaction related communications.  Changing, Transferring or Deleting Your Personal Data  We delete Your Personal Data once no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed. You may access, review, update, correct, delete or transfer your Personal Data by editing your Account via the Service. If you completely delete all of your Personal Data, then your Account may become deactivated.  5. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY  We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time for any  reason. If we change it, we will post the new one on our web page. Any  non-material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective as of the day  they are posted. If we make any material change to this Privacy Policy, we  will notify you by prominently posting notice of the changes on our  Website. Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon  thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on  our Website. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of  6. DATA PROTECTION OFFICER AND CONTACT INFORMATION  c/o Aker Brygge Business village  Grundingen 6, 0250 Oslo, Norway  If you believe that Gelato does not fulfill its obligations according to  the EU GDPR regulation or other applicable privacy legislation, you also  have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.  9.2/10 based on 60959 reviews  Do not have a password?  We Print & Ship to these countries  Thank you for updating your details  Your account is now fully active.  Thank you for updating your details  £5.00 has been added to your account.  Copy message with link below to share with your friends 