Our Policies - Privacy | Post Office  Post Office Card Account (POca)  How your savings are protected  Log in to savings accounts  Check my eligibility for a loan  Why Brits are likely to get a personal loan  Check my eligibility for a credit card  Log in to credit cards  Western Union: send money abroad  Log in to international money transfers  Log in to international business payments  Guaranteed next day UK delivery  How to post a letter  How to send a parcel  How to pack your parcel  How to pack your parcel  How to fill in a manifest guide  Log in to Drop & Go  Help and support with Drop & Go  Track and trace parcels and letters  Log in to travel insurance  Register a travel insurance policy  Over 50s life cover explained  How much will life insurance cost?  Help for Life cover policy owners  Log in to home insurance  Log in to car and van insurance  Log in to gadget insurance  Make a gadget insurance claim  Download pet insurance claim form  Log in to Travel Money Card  Log in to travel insurance  Register a travel insurance policy  Get a new adult passport  Get a new child passport  European Health Insurance Card (EHIC)  Electronic System for Travel Authorisation (ESTA)  Passport and travel document guides  Post Office Broadband & Phone News  Help and support with broadband and phone  Log in to Broadband and Phone  Call charges and prices for broadband and phone  Supporting vulnerable customers with broadband and phone  Broadband and phone terms and conditions  Get a new adult passport  Get a new child passport  Travelling with an expiring passport  Passport and travel document guides  How I apply for my first licence  Do I need an IDP?  Making a Statutory Off Road Notification (SORN)  Passport and travel document guides  Apply for a DBS check  Apply for an SIA licence  Collect a biometric residence permit  What documents can I get certified?  Check your personal tax account  Apply for a Basic DBS check  National Lottery in branch purchase  UK and International Phone Cards  UK and International Phone Cards  Our latest deals and offers  Where is my nearest branch?  Your privacy’s very important to you. Rest assured it’s as important to us.  Coronavirus update | Information requests during COVID-19  If you need to request your personal data, the best way to reach us right now is email information.rights@postoffice.co.uk.  Like many other businesses, the coronavirus pandemic has severely challenged our ability to ensure our administrative centres operate normally as a result of travel restrictions and reduced resources.  So we’re unlikely to be able to respond promptly to customer requests for information sent by post.  There’s more on how Post Office uses your information and your rights in our privacy policy below.  How and why we use your personal information  A provider you can trust  Post Office is the UK’s largest retail network and largest financial services chain. We’ve more branches than all banks and building societies put together.  That’s a reach and responsibility we take very seriously. We’re committed to protecting any personal details we hold about you, being clear how and why they’re used, and respecting your privacy in everything we do.  Our privacy policy sets out:  What data we may collect about you  How you can get in touch with us  Other ways we may use your data to help improve what we do  How we manage our direct marketing activities  What happens when you contact our customer care teams  Other ways we may use your data to help improve what we do  Our different products and services have additional policies. You’ll find links to them below.  If our privacy policy changes, we’ll always publish the updates here, to view any time.  Post Office Limited and Post Office Management Services Limited are registered in England and Wales. You’ll find full company information  here.  Contacting us about your data  You can request any personal details we hold about you any time from:  Post Office Data Protection Officer, Finsbury Dials, 20 Finsbury Street, London, EC2Y 9AQ  For more on our privacy practices and your rights, contact our Information Rights Team:  Post Office Information Rights Team, Finsbury Dials, 20 Finsbury Street, London EC2Y 9AQ  What information we collect about you  When you submit an online form, request a quote or buy a product or service from Post Office or our partners, we collect your name and contact details. These could include your email, postal address and phone number.  We may also collect opinions or other data you’ve shared in forms, surveys, correspondence with our customer care teams and on phone calls.  If you apply for and use Post Office products and services, we’ll gather data to help you benefit from them. See the links to our product-specific privacy policies for how.  When you visit this website, we record your IP address, when you visited, which pages you looked at, plus information about your device, operating system and browser. This data is gathered using commonly used tools such as cookies and web beacons.  To enrich the data about you in our database, we compare it with external sources. This helps us tailor our communications with you and offer only products and services you may be interested in (if you’ve chosen to receive marketing).  It also informs us of some changes, such as when email addresses are no longer valid or mail has been returned, so we can stop sending marketing.  Why we collect and what we do with personal data  There are lots of reasons we collect your personal details. Here are the most common.  Our obligation to provide Post Office products and services (‘performance of a contract’)  Personal details enable us to provide the products or services you buy from us. Please check the individual privacy policies for these products using the links provided below.  If you give your permission (‘Consent’)  We’ll contact you about offers and deals we think will be of interest in only the ways you let us. To change these permissions at any time, you can:  Call 03457 22 33 44  Write to Marketing Preference Team, Finsbury Dials, 20 Finsbury Street, London, EC2Y 9AQ  If we have a justifiable reason (‘legitimate interests’)  To enhance or improve your experience with us. This may mean learning your habits and preferences then tailoring our communications so they’re relevant to you (‘profiling’)  To combine your information with other customers’ data and external non-personal details so we better understand our market through analysis and segmentation, to keep offering competitive products and services and improve our website  To send you marketing materials where we can demonstrate a relationship with you and you’ve not told us you don’t want to receive these  To maintain our list of people who’ve asked not to receive our direct marketing material  To help keep our website safe and secure  To help prevent fraud and maintain security  To allow our internal business processes to function – like transacting with our partners, carrying out audits, producing management information and dealing with complaints  To request feedback on our performance  To assist in training, quality assurance and compliance  If we have to do something by law (‘legal obligation’)  To ensure your rights are met under the UK Data Protection Act  To meet our obligations with law enforcement agencies, courts and other organisations  To comply with anti-money laundering regulations  In exceptional circumstances (‘vital interests’)  We may use your information in rare situations to protect your vital interests or those of others. For example, to trace a missing person or if someone’s life could be in danger.  Who we share your information with  We do not sell your information to anyone. And we only pass it on to these trusted partners, service partners and regulators:  Service providers that work for us, such as marketing agencies and survey sites, website hosts, printers and, in some cases, our postmasters and retail agency partners  Our subsidiary companies who work for us in providing services  Regulatory bodies, courts and law enforcement agencies  Partner companies that supply products or services, or for queries or complaints  See the links to individual privacy policies below for more product-specific details.  How long we keep personal data for  The time we keep personal information for depends on why we have it and how we use it:  We keep records of your dealings with us or our partners for up to six years after the last contact, to respond to any complaints or disputes if they arise  We’ll keep other personal information about you if it’s necessary to comply with the law  Data collected when you use our website, like your IP address, is deleted after 28 days  Please check our product-specific privacy policies for further details. You’ll find links below.  Transferring information outside of the EEA  Your personal information may be processed outside the European Economic Area (EEA) where privacy laws may not provide protection to the same level as in the UK.  Before any transfer takes place, we’ll take steps to make sure your personal information will be adequately protected, as required by the UK Data Protection Act, with safeguards such as standard contractual clauses are in place. For more information, please see the individual product or service privacy policies below or contact us.  When you use this website, transact in our branches or submit queries, your information can be viewed by service providers in India and the Philippines who run the platform on our behalf. Contracts are in place (known as an ‘EU Model Clause’) to allow the data to be transferred and managed securely, to the standards required by the UK Data Protection Act.  You’re in control of the data we hold about you and how we use it.  Direct marketing: If you don’t want direct marketing from us, just tell us  -Call 03457 22 33 44  -Write to Marketing Preference Team, Finsbury Dials, 20 Finsbury Street, London, EC2Y 9AQ  Consent: If you’ve given us consent to use some personal details, you can withdraw it any time  Access: You can request a copy of all personal information we hold about you and other data relating to how we use it by contacting our Information Rights Team  Correction (‘Right to Rectification’): We always want to use the most up-to-date information about you, so please get in touch if you think we don’t have that  Deletion (‘Right to be Forgotten’): In some circumstances, including where we’re relying on your consent to use your data, you have a right to ask us to delete your information  ‘Right to Portability’: If we’ve collected your data because you’ve given us consent, or because we need it to provide you with a product or service (under a contract), you have the right to get the information you gave back in a ‘machine-readable’ format  ‘Right to Object’ and ‘Right to restriction of processing’: If we’re using your data for activities under the ‘legitimate interest’ justification and in other circumstances, you have the right to request restriction of processing and to object to that processing  Right to obtain human intervention: Where automated processing has taken place, where consent has been given or under a contract, and where the processing has a legal or similarly significant effect  Complain: If you think our use of your information doesn’t meet the law, you’ve the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)  For more information or to request any of these rights, please contact:  Mail: Post Office Information Rights Team, Finsbury Dials, 20 Finsbury Street, London EC2Y 9AQ  We take the security of your personal information seriously and will take all reasonable and proportionate steps to protect it.  To safeguard all personal details under our control – both on and offline – from improper access, use, alteration, destruction and loss, we’ve put technology and security policies, rules and measures in place.  Cookies are small text files that are saved to the hard drive of any device you use to visit a website. At Post Office, we use them to improve and personalise your experience when you visit ours. Find out more, and see how you can manage their use, in our cookies policy.  Different Post Office products and services have additional privacy policies.  You can check them here:  Changes to our privacy policy  This privacy policy was last updated on 11, May 2018.  Our partner companies, which supply products or services on behalf of Post Office, have privacy policies of their own. These are the responsibility of the partners, not Post Office. You can check them here:  Credit Cards starting 5545 or 5425  For questions about our privacy policy, how we use your data or to request the details we hold about you, please email:data.protection@postoffice.co.uk  For any other queries or comments about Post Office, our products and services please complete this form.  Find out what cookies are, how we use them, and how you can manage them.  Making our websites usable, practical, helpful, available and accessible for all.  See what you’re agreeing to by using our online service.  Find out what information we share about Post Office and where.  Money Advice for Life Moments  Copyright 2021 The Post Office