Privacy and Cookie Policy | RSPCA  We urgently need your support to protect animals at risk of cruelty this summer.  We urgently need your support to protect animals at risk.  How to rehome a horse  Find or call a vet  Worried about a farm animal?  Animals you can no longer see  Alternatives to balloons and sky lanterns  What's it like to volunteer with us?  Make Wales kinder for animals  Own place in an event  Pay in your offline fundraising  Other ways companies can support  Do I need pet insurance?  We're committed to respecting your privacy and keeping your personal information safe, whether you are a supporter, volunteer, shopper or campaigner. This Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we collect or process about you; it sets out how and why we obtain and use your personal information, as well as how we protect it.  This Privacy Notice was prepared to be as concise as possible. It does not provide exhaustive details of all aspects of the RSPCA's collection and use of your personal information. There may be a separate Privacy Notice which describes how we use your data in specific cases, e.g. if you are a member of staff, apply for a job with us or enrol in a specific event or programme. However, we are happy to provide any additional information or explanation when needed. Please see how to contact us section for more information.  We may update this notice from time to time without notifying you, so please check it regularly, but if we make any significant changes, we will notify you.  You have a number of rights under data protection law.  How and when we collect information about you  We may collect personal information from you when you interact with us or with third parties with whom we work.  How long we keep your information  Whatever your relationship with us, we will only store your information for a specified amount of time as set out in our internal data retention policy.  Please contact us if you have any question about our Privacy Policy or information we hold about you.  How we keep your information safe  The RSPCA uses appropriate technical measures to ensure that we keep your information secure, accurate and up to date.  The law requires us to only process personal data where we have a valid legal basis for doing so.  Making our work more unique to you  We endeavour to provide our supporters with a great experience and communicate with them in the best and most cost-effective way.  Sharing your information with third parties  We safeguard the sharing of your information by entering into a contract, using formalised information sharing agreements where appropriate.  What we use your information for  We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which it was collected unless otherwise stated or communicated with you.  Keep your information up to date  You can change your mind at any time about how we contact you or ask us to stop contacting you.  What personal information we collect about you  We may collect personal information about you. We do not usually collect sensitive personal information about our supporters unless there is a clear reason for doing so.  Access your personal data or make a disclosure request  We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date.  This privacy notice covers all personal data that is gathered by the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA), charity number 219099.  We're committed to protecting the safety and privacy of children and vulnerable people.  How we may use your information  We will not rent, swap or sell your information to other organisations for marketing purposes.  Cookies help us to assess the effectiveness of our website and can provide useful information.  Contact us to report cruelty or for animal welfare advice.  In 2020 the RSPCA investigated over  Or sign up for email updates  © RSPCA 2021. All rights reserved. The RSPCA helps animals in England and Wales. Registered charity no.219099.  This site uses cookies to provide a great user experience.Allow cookiesFind out more about how we use cookies.