Click to view our Accessibility Policy  Ask "How are customers using Oracle Cloud apps and infrastructure?"  Sign Up for Free Cloud Tier  Your search did not match any results.  We suggest you try the following to help find what you’re looking for:  Check the spelling of your keyword search.  Use synonyms for the keyword you typed, for example, try “application” instead of “software.”  Try one of the popular searches shown below.  How are customers using Oracle Cloud apps and infrastructure?  Can I take advantage of the cloud in my own data center?  Try Oracle Cloud for free  How can I create an agile supply chain?  Supply Chain & Manufacturing (SCM)  Advertising and Customer Experience (CX)  Join visionaries, experts, and customers as they share insights on the latest CX solutions in this series of 1–2 hour events.  Listen to industry experts and customers as they share ERP, EPM, and SCM best practices in this series of 1–2 hour events.  Experience HR technology solutions best practices and customer successes in this series of 1–2 hour events.  Explore modern technology solutions through best practices and customer examples in these 1–2 hour events.  Learn about new products and some of the customers who are using them in these 60-minutes or less announcement events.  Hear candid conversations with customer executives who rely on Oracle Cloud to help transform their business.  Accelerate your application development and join technical sessions, hands-on labs, demos, panels, and live Q&A with experts.  Not finding what you’re looking for? Search for all Oracle events.  Banking on Data: Mastercard, Deloitte, and Certegy Discuss Industry Trends  Find tools, documentation, downloads, reference architectures and sample code to develop on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure.  Oracle Cloud Free Tier lets anyone build, test, and deploy applications on Oracle Cloud—for free.  More Department of Labor Notices  Preference, Opt-Out and EU/EEA Subject Access Mechanisms  Please review the Oracle privacy policies for information specific to your relationship with Oracle. Below, Oracle summarizes the opt-out mechanisms found in our privacy policies. If you have a question or concern with regard to any of these mechanisms, please fill out our inquiry form.  Pursuant to the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and other applicable laws and regulations, individuals in the EU/EEA and other jurisdictions may have data subject rights enabling them to request to access, delete, correct, remove or limit the use, or receive a copy of their personal information in Oracle’s possession or for which Oracle is otherwise responsible. View instructions on how to exercise these rights.  To customize and control your preferences for receiving electronic communications from Oracle or selected Oracle partners, including opting into (or out of) Oracle communities, newsletters and general interest areas through your Oracle profile, login at https://profile.oracle.com/and follow the prompts to “update my profile.”  You may opt out of Oracle’s email marketing by modifying your online profile as described above or by using our general unsubscribe automated link that is included in Oracle marketing emails.  You can also find details on how to automatically unsubscribe from email communications, as well as how to submit requests to opt-out from phone and postal marketing, on our Oracle.com Account Help page.  Cookie Preferences on Oracle Websites  Oracle enables you to opt out of cookies that are not required to enable core site functionality. Oracle uses its cookie preferences tool to processes Internet advertising and tracking preferences. Once you have set your cookie preferences, Oracle will follow the specific choices you made on the cookie preferences tool. Please remember that if you delete your cookies, or use a different browser or computer, you will need to set your cookie preferences again. You may access or change your cookie preference for Oracle websites through the “Cookie Preferences” link provided in the Oracle website footers.  Interest-Based Advertising Enabled by Oracle Data Cloud  The Oracle Data Cloud facilitates the collection and use of data by our customers in connection with interest-based advertising. For information on the Oracle Data Cloud’s opt-out mechanisms and information on how to access the data collected and processed by the Oracle Data Cloud, please visit the Oracle Data Cloud opt-out and access site, available at: https://datacloudoptout.oracle.com.  For additional opt-out mechanisms and information View more information about these Oracle Data Cloud services, the types of data collected and how this data is used, please visit the Marketing Cloud & Oracle Data Cloud Privacy Policy.  Gartner MQ for ERP Cloud  Try Oracle Cloud Free Tier  Oracle and Red Bull Racing Honda  Privacy/Do Not Sell My Info 