Youth & Teens (8-16 years)  adidas by Stella McCartney | Home  Gym & Training | Home  adidas by Stella McCartney | Home  This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) provides information on how adidas (“adidas”, “we”, “us”) collects and uses your “Personal Data” (information provided by you or others that we can connect to you). We encourage you to review this Notice and other privacy notices published by us frequently as they may be updated to reflect latest developments without prior notification.  This Notice applies to the different purposes and scenarios when your Personal Data is collected directly from our websites or apps operated by the responsible entities identified in this Notice, as well as when your Personal Data is obtained from other sources not directly from you, and used by the responsible adidas entities and others. Your Personal Data is used for all the scenarios described in this Notice if and where we have the permission and right (“Lawful Basis”) to do so. Where the scenario applies exclusively to a specific platform we operate, the name of the platform would be identified at the end of the heading in a bracket like this: HEADING - {name of platform}.  Please read the general information as well as the specific scenarios by clicking on the relevant headings below. You should also read any additional privacy notices displayed when you provide Personal Data to us as they provide details of the specific scenario which may not be covered by this Notice.  If you access any of our platforms by using a Virtual Private Network (also known as “VPN”) to interact with us – including making purchases - in a country that is not your current or residential country, please read the privacy notice displayed at that specific platform or portal to understand how the responsible entities, our affiliated brands and adidas subsidiaries at that country use and protect your Personal Data.  Who is responsible for your Personal Data?  For the purposes described in this Notice and compliance with local privacy laws and the GDPR, the following adidas entities are responsible:  adidas AG - Adi-Dassler Str. 1, 91074 Herzogenaurach, Germany (”adidas AG”)  adidas (UK) Limited - Pepper Road, Hazel Grove, The adidas Centre, Stockport, Cheshire, SK7 5SA, England (“Local Selling Entity”)  Also, for the purposes of:  Sales of adidas products – online and off-line order  The adidas entities below are responsible for your Personal Data:  adidas International Trading AG - Am Platz 1b, Root D4, Luzern, 6039, Switzerland  They are known as the adidas “Joint Controllers” under the GDPR and local privacy laws. They are jointly responsible for determining why (“Purpose”), how (“Processing”), and if (“Lawful Basis”) we use your Personal Data. In this Notice, we call them “Responsible Entities” to make it easier for you to understand.  For some scenarios described in this Notice, there may be other adidas and/or non-adidas entities also responsible for using your Personal Data, please refer to the specific scenario for more information.  How do you exercise your rights for your Personal Data?  You have all the rights described below for all your Personal Data provided to Responsible Entities, please read and follow the instructions to exercise your rights in a timely manner. If a non-adidas company is independently responsible for your Personal Data, you will need to contact and read the privacy notice of the non-adidas company to exercise your rights with them. Your request cannot be processed if we cannot verify your identity. We may ask for additional verification questions if we have reasonable doubts about your identity to protect all our consumers’ Personal Data and rights.  Obtain an electronic copy of all your Personal Data from the Responsible Entities.  Get a portable file of the Personal Data you shared with us so you can share it with another company.  Delete your account and all Personal Data connected to your email address.  These requests are processed by our automated solution. Please read and follow the instructions below to make your request. If you need help using the solution or verifying your identity please contact our local Customer Service team (https://adidas.com/help).  On our websites where this Privacy Notice is displayed: .please scroll down to the bottom of the page, CLICK ON THE “DATA SETTINGS” LINK, and follow on-screen instructions. Your request will not be processed if we cannot verify that you are the person being identified by the Personal Data we have on file for legal and security reasons.  If you wish to view and get a copy of your order-related and/or transactional information before and after your order has been delivered, please scroll up to the top of the page, and CLICK ON “ORDER TRACKER”. You will need to provide the order number and the email address used to make the order to obtain the informtaion. Please note that if you have purchased from different adidas sites, you will need to repeat this procedure on all sites to access the order that you placed on that particular site.  On adidas apps where this Privacy Notice is displayed: please go to “SETTINGS” and click on “MANAGE ACCOUNT”, select your request, and follow on-screen instructions to proceed with your request.  If you wish to view and get a copy of your order-related and transactional information before and after your order has been delivered, go to “ACCOUNT” and click on “ORDERS”. Please note that if you have purchased from different country/location settings, you will need to repeat this procedure by changing your country setting and making the request from the country where you placed the order. This information will be deleted based on your request, and will be kept for 10 years due to legal and contractual requirements. Please refer to our “Sales of adidas products” section for more information.  Access to information about your Personal Data  Please refer to the details provided in this privacy notice to have information about: a) why we have your Personal Data; b) what categories of data we have; c) what we do with your Personal Data; d) who has access to your Personal Data (and where they are); e) where your Personal Data might be transferred to; f) how long we are keeping your Personal Data; g) if you didn’t provide your Personal Data directly to us, how did we get them; h) your rights under applicable laws and the possibility to restrict processing; and i) if we use your Personal Data for any automated decision-making; and j) in some cases, you have the right to know how our automated decision-making works, if the decision significantly affects you.  Make sure your Personal Data are correct  Please contact Customer Service (https://adidas.com/help) to make any changes to your information, and access your account at adidas to make changes directly.  Unsubscribe from our email marketing messages  You can unsubscribe from our email marketing messages at any time. Please use the “Unsubscribe” function at the bottom of each email marketing message.  Restrict how we use your Personal Data  Object when we process your Personal Data based on “Legitimate Interest” (including unsubscribing from our direct marketing messages)  Challenge a decision generated solely by automated decision-making process without human intervention  Please contact our Customer Service team (https://adidas.com/help) for general support. You can find their contact details under the “ASK CUSTOMER SERVICE” section via HELP.  File a complaint with your local data protection supervisory authority  You have the right to file a complaint with the local authority if you are not happy with how we have handled any of your rights listed above.  We invite you to first share and discuss your concerns and complaints about how we handle your individual rights and use your Personal Data with our Privacy team and our Data Protection Officer by writing to our adidas Privacy Compliance Query and Complaint Inbox (dataprotection@adidas.com) so we can promptly address, and hopefully resolve your concerns and complaints.  If you are not clear about any of the rights listed here, please consult your local authority about your Personal Data rights under the law and to best understand what these rights mean.  What Personal Data do we collect and use (“Categories of Personal Data”)?  Most of the time, you give us your Personal Data for specific purposes. However, sometimes, this Personal Data may also be used for other purposes if we have the right and permission (“Lawful Basis”) to do so. Also, we may use your Personal Data from other companies or sources for some purposes, if it is legally allowed. Please see the Categories of Personal Data below to help you understand how we uses your Personal Data. The Categories include Personal Data you provided directly and indirectly to Responsible Entities.  Identity Information– Any information that identifies you as an individual, living person. This may include: name [first, last, initials], Date of Birth, e-mail address including your name, phone number, unique consumer identifier number (including your Membership member ID, or ID from any adidas Platform), nickname, password, social media identifiers and handles, your device fingerprint, gift card codes that are assigned to you, gender identity and expression.  Contact Information – Any information we can use to contact you. This may include: your phone number, shipping and billing address, e-mail address, Messenger ID, social media handle, any other communication channel you have used to contact us for more information.  Payment, Purchase and Transaction Information – Any information we use to complete or in relation to your purchase record and invoice. This may include: your payment information (credit card details, or bank details, or payment platform details), payment risk profile (provided to us by our payment risk solution), shopping cart details (your ordered items), delivery details, shipping and billing address, customer order number, purchase history with adidas, receipt number, transaction ID, invoice ID, retail store transaction ID, purchase value, order confirmation number, order tracking number.  Measurements – Any information we can use to make sure your gear fits. This may include: shoe size, clothes size, height, weight, chest, waist, hip, inseam, body shape, heel-toe measurement.  Location Information - Any information we can use to know or guess where you are, real time or otherwise. This may include: your residential location, current log-in location [IP address], real-time device location information via device sensors and signals, GPS location (if you wish to share us, for example through your mobile device settings), or information that helps us guess where you may be such as the specific adidas site you have visited that might give us clues about where you are, or when you “check-in” to an event or website on a social media page indicating location and if it is shared with us.  Membership Administration Information – Any information related to your Creators Club membership. This include: acquisition source ID (where you signed up to our membership), your membership country, Creators Club Member ID, date you became a member, store ID (if you signed up in a retail store including a franchised store), membership points, engagement history, rewards history, membership vouchers assigned to you.  Behavioural and Preference Information- Any information which indicates your preference whether explicitly – if provided by you – or inferred. This may include: activity preference (sports), event participation information, exercise plans, in-store digital interactions, site/brand preference, language preference, product and product attributes preferences, store location preferences, your shopping history (all items in shopping carts), Wishlist items, any “preference” details you provided to us in your profile and Platform setting, any information you provide to us when you interact with  our communities such as adidas Runners, participate in events or campaigns as a trainer, team member, a participant or as a promotor of our events.  Browsing Information- Any information on. your browsing behaviour. This may include: browser name, IP address (including hashed IP address), clickstream data, data and time of site visits, time remained on site, pages visited, and the links you have clicked in our marketing messages or website , the referral URL that brought you to our site.  Mobile Device Information – Any information related to your mobile device. This may include: device EUI, device ID, device fingerprint, IP/Wifi Information, operating system, data stored on device when access is granted, log information when access to device (such as camera) is granted.  Social Media Interaction and Activity– Any information about you we obtain through different social media channels such as Facebook, Instagram, Google, etc., when we use these channels for advertising, analytics purposes or to enrich your profile with adidas. This may include: any social media information that is publicly available such as your social media handles, social media interactions and public postings, your “Likes” and other reactions, your social media connections, your photos that are public, or those you send to us by mentioning us or following our social media posts by using “handles” or “hashtags”, comments or messages you shared with us publicly or privately on social media platforms. Also, we may be able to obtain information indirectly from social media companies (Facebook, Google, etc.) when we advertise on these platforms, which may include your participation and membership on particular topics and/or groups, your profile settings and preference, your behaviour on different platforms owned by the same company. .  Correspondence – Any correspondence you have with Customer Service teams, and/or our employees and personnel. This may include: written correspondence with us (email or post or messages to our platforms), and voice recording made by Customer Service when we have the right to do so.  Image and Recording – Any image, voice or video recordings we have captured or obtained where you may be identified. This may include: CCTV footages, photos taken in our retail stores and/or at events, video recordings made during events or specific interactions, voice recording made during events or interactions (excluding correspondence with Customer Service), any images you share with us through social media.  Fitness Activity Information – Any information connected to your fitness activity which you track using our Platforms (including adidas Running and Training). This may include: activity type, distance, exercise duration, exercise routine (start and finish time), fitness score, pace, space utilisation data, speed.  Health Information – Any information that relates to your health or vitals such as your body mass index (BMI), heartbeat per minute, or information of any disability. This is used only when you have allowed us to use it – with your consent - for specific reasons and purposes.  Personal Opinion – Any opinion you share with us that indicate your point of view and comments. This may include when you provide us feedback and review rating our service or products, or if you participate in any product research and development discussions.  Sensitive Personal Opinion – Any opinion you share that may indicate or reveal certain characteristics about you including your political view, your sexual orientation, information about race and ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or health. This is used only when you have allowed us to use it – with your consent - for specific reasons and purposes.  How and why do we use your Personal Data? (Purpose, Processing, Legal Basis)?  In this section, we provide details to all the scenarios and reasons (“Purposes”) where we may collect (directly and indirectly) and use your Personal Data from all our Platforms.  #) Purpose – Why do we collect and use your Personal Data?  PROCESSING – What do we do to your Personal Data?  LEGAL BASIS - Why are we allowed to use your Personal Data for this Purpose?  CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA – What are the Categories of Personal Data we use to accomplish this purpose, including the Personal Data you provided to us for this Purpose, and the Personal Data we have obtained from other sources for other purposes? Specifically, these are the Categories of Personal you may or may not have given to us for this specific purpose, but we either have it on file, or have obtained it from a different source for a different purpose, and we know it is connected to you.  RETENTION PERIOD – How long do we keep your Personal Data for this Purpose?  CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS – With whom (types of service providers or companies) do we share your Personal Data to achieve the purpose?  Site Operation and App Operation  We screen all traffic to our sites and apps, and analyse data that is received by our servers to: a) run the sites that are connected to our domain and apps, b) fix bugs to make sure the layout and design are displayed properly, and c) fix bugs to make sure the sites and the apps function properly, and d) to monitor compliance with our Terms and Conditions.  Use of Cookies/Tags/Pixels: We may collect your Personal Data for this purpose by using technologies such as cookies, pixels and tags to collect your device information. More information is available in “Collecting Your Device Information on Our Website and Apps Using Cookies, Pixels, Tags, And Similar Technologies”.  We need your data for as long as you are on the site. We keep it for the duration of your browsing session.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  Domain and Network Security and User Authentication  To protect our domains, detect unusual activities, and prevent security threats and protect our site-visitors from unauthorised accesses (such as hackers), we screen all traffic to our sites, and authenticate user log-in information using tokens to verify the details you provide to us and compare it with other available information, such us the credentials you have provided directly to us or other platforms (such as Runtastic or Facebook) or information that is available in the public domain to ensure only “authorised” users have access to our sites.  We reCaptcha operated by Google on our websites and apps to authenticate user identity and secure our platforms from malicious software (or known as a “bot”) that might engage in abusive activities on our platforms. reCAPTCHA works by collecting information about your hardware, and software (for example, device and application data) This data is shared with Google for analysis. Data captured by reCAPTCHA is also subject to the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.  Use of Cookies/Tags/Pixels: We may collect your Personal Data for this purpose by using technologies such as cookies, pixels and tags to collect your device information. More information is available in “Collecting Your Device Information on Our Website and Apps Using Cookies, Pixels, Tags, And Similar Technologies”.  We need your data for as long as you are on the site. We keep it for the duration of your browsing session.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  Global Credential to All Adidas Platforms – User Experience  User log-in identities and account management are administered centrally, so users can use one set of credentials to log in to participating* adidas platforms. You adidas log-in credentials are stored in our global authentication platform. You can then use the same set of credential to log in to your account which is registered with the participating platforms. When you use your adidas Log-In to access any participating platforms, we will use a token to verify your identity from our global authentication platform. This further ensures our network and domain security.  adidas Responsible Entities use your Personal Data provide for this purpose to administer your account, including sending account management related messages, such as password reset, and processing your rights requests as explained in the “How do you exercise your rights for your Personal Data?” section.  *currently, this is applicable to adidas websites, the adidas app, adidas training app**, adidas running app**, GMR app, Confirmed app.  ** runtastic GmbH (Pluskaufstraße 7, 4061 Pasching, Austria) is a brand of adidas AG, and the responsible entity for the adidas training app, and the adidas running app.  Use of Cookies/Tags/Pixels: We may collect your Personal Data for this purpose by using technologies such as cookies, pixels and tags to collect your device information. More information is available in “Collecting Your Device Information on Our Website and Apps Using Cookies, Pixels, Tags, And Similar Technologies”.  Your account duration or Inactivity+25 months  To allow you to sign in with your adidas Log-In on adidas Platforms, we need to maintain your data for as long as you have an account with us, or if you stop using our services without requesting to delete your data, we will keep it for 25 months after your last log in.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  If you select to be logged in persistently, you do not have to log in every time you visit the adidas website for up to 30 days. Your personal data will be used by the adidas website to show your personal information: Your email will be used during checkout journey to let you know the email that will be used for the order confirmation, your first name will be used for personalization and your unique identifier may be used for Frontend Analytics. Please note that no consent status will be stored.  This basic profile information will be stored for up to 30 days in the browser that was used for the login within an access token. The access token is a HTTP only cookie. The token is valid for 20 minutes if the ‘keep me logged in’ functionality was selected. After the expiration of the token it is no longer possible to access personal information so the logged in session is over. For persistent login we additionally store a refresh token in the browser which can be used to refresh the access token within a 30 days period and extend the logged in session that way. If this refresh token is missing (if you have not selected persistent login or cookies were cleared) the access token cannot be refreshed. Hence, your session cannot be extended, and you will not be logged in anymore.  Please note: If you chose persistent log-in, your personal address details may be exposed to an unauthorised third party if you forget to log-out from persistent log-in from a publicly accessible device.  The information will retain in your browser for up to 30 days. You can delete the data yourself by clearing your cookies from your browser or by selecting the “Logging out from all my devices” option in your account section.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  Sales of adidas Products - Online and Off-Line Order  To process your online and/or in-app orders, provide you with different payment options, create a smooth check-out process for you, make sure your payment is received, comply with the requirements under our Terms and Conditions (3. Purchase Terms) (for selling you the products) including invoice processing, delivery, personalisation services, exchanges and refunds, click and collect. Your order cannot be completed if our payment fraud detection solutions flag your transaction as suspicious and potentially fraudulent.  Please note the payment fraud detection system is an automated decision-making process. It is required to allow us to conclude the contract with you. You have the right to request a human review of this decision, and challenge the decision.  Payment, Purchase and Transaction Information  Membership Administration Information (where adidas brand membership applies / if available to adidas)  Duration of contract and statutory limitation period (10 years). We need to keep the information in case of any legal disputes concerning the contract.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  Enrichment and Improvement of your Digital Shopping Experience  When you shop at various adidas digital shopping platforms (adidas website, and adidas app), we collect your Personal Data to enrich and improve your shopping, browsing and check-out experience. This may include helping you find the right size, helping you visualise how a product will look on you via our digital platforms, or when you engage with platforms for any specific experience we make available through our digital platforms directly or via our digital devices in retail stores.  To help you find the best size that fits your measurements best, we use size recommendation widgets on our app and website. The widget will recommend you the appropriate size for a certain adidas product by using machine-learning algorithms. The widget will combine the measurements you provided to us with adidas product information, your shopping cart details and shopping history (if they are available to us) to recommend you the most appropriate size for a certain adidas product. The size recommendations are provided by a third-party provider.  Use of Cookies/Tags/Pixels: We may collect your Personal Data for this purpose by using technologies such as cookies, pixels and tags to collect your device information. More information is available in “Collecting Your Device Information on Our Website and Apps Using Cookies, Pixels, Tags, And Similar Technologies”.  Payment, Purchase and Transaction Information  We retain it for as long as you do not delete your data.  AUGMENTED REALITY TRY-ON EXPERIENCE AND VISUAL SEARCH  On our apps we give you the possibility to use your device camera for different purposes: to see how certain adidas products would fit you through augmented reality (AR) functionality, and to search by image for adidas products. To this purpose, we implement on our apps third-parties software development kits (SDKs). We will ask for your permission before you use your camera to try this feature. We will not store any photos and videos from your device camera.  We will then analyse how you use the AR feature to improve our user experience design to make sure you will continue interact with us on our applications.  We retain it for as long as you do not delete your data.  We combine the Payment, Purchase and Transaction Information you provide to us with other information we obtain through our third-party payment risk and fraud prevention service providers to ensure any purchases are legitimate, or you do not purchase our products in violation with our terms and conditions. This means depending on the outcome of the analysis of your information, we may reject your order, and decline your payment. This is an automated decision-making process that is required to conclude our sales contract with you.  Performance of Contract and Legitimate Interest  Payment, Purchase and Transaction Information  Duration of contract and statutory limitation period. We need to keep the information in case of any legal disputes concerning the contract.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  Once you have successfully placed an order, we use your contact details (home and/or shipping address) and other Payment, Purchase and Transaction Information to deliver the products you purchased to you.  Duration of contract and statutory limitation period. We need to keep the information in case of any legal disputes concerning the contract.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  This service is provided by our Delivery Service Providers, and is subject to availability by the Delivery Service Provider servicing your delivery address. Depending on the delivery service provider, you may have the option to track your delivery using services provided directly by our delivery partners. This service is provided on the basis of our consumers’ legitimate interest so they can organise receipt of their parcels. However, with some service providers, this may only be possible with your consent. The service is hosted on the Delivery Partner’s platform. You should read their Privacy Notice for the processing of your Personal Data for this purpose.  Legitimate Interest / and where applicable, Consent  Any other information you may directly and voluntarily provide to the Delivery Partner  As determined by our Delivery Partner.  We need to know how we do as a business. This is in the interest of our shareholders, our board members, our employees, and our partners, as well as our consumers. We create data models for different analytical purposes, and analyse using these data models to understand how our products are selling in different markets, what are the popular features of our products, what worked and what didn’t in terms of our marketing and advertising campaigns, our product designs and distribution strategy, our website design and overall user experience, so we can establish, implement, and evaluate our business strategy.  This includes, for example, analysing data to understand how users browse our site and use the app to improve our user experience design to make sure you will continue to purchase our products and interact with us on our sites and applications.  We remove any identity information that would directly identify you (for example, your name and email address), and use only our internal unique identifier IP address to minimise any possible privacy risks to you.  Use of Cookies/Tags/Pixels: We may collect your Personal Data for this purpose by using technologies such as cookies, pixels and tags to collect your device information. More information is available in “Collecting Your Device Information on Our Website and Apps Using Cookies, Pixels, Tags, And Similar Technologies”.  You can learn more about how our Data Analytics Solution Providers provide analytics services by using your data here:  Adobe Analytics Data Collection: https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/c_Privacy_Overview.html  Identity information: Unique Consumer Identifier (only)  Payment, Purchase and Transaction Information  Social Media Interaction and Activity  Membership Administration Information (where adidas brand membership applies / if available to adidas)  When using analytics services provided by the vendors identified above, we are required to retain data for the period specified by these vendors. You can find the retention period indicated by the vendors here:  Adobe Analytics: 36 months (https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/reference/data-retention.html )  We need the information for this duration to produce accurate analysis of our business operations.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  We collect your Personal Data to answer your queries about your order, inform you when the product you like is available upon your request, and respond to your questions and concerns through various communications channels we make available to you, including if you contact us for questions about your Personal Data rights. Your requests to our customer service will be analysed so that we can provide you with valuable service in the future. We may record our phone conversations with you for quality assurance purposes only when you agree to the recording.  Consent (for recording our phone conversations)  Payment, Purchase and Transaction Information  Membership Administration Information (where adidas brand membership applies / if available to adidas)                Image and Recordings (with your consent only)  Statutory limitation period: 2 Years  We need to keep the information in case of any legal disputes.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  Personalised Marketing Messages Via Email (Newsletter Sign-Up)  We send you marketing messages that we think you would be interested (“personalised”) to the email address you provide to us or via push-notifications when you have installed our app. To send you “personalised” messages, we observe your online (and sometimes, where applicable, offline) behaviour, and analyse your behaviour using analytics to best estimate what product lines you might be interested in, and you can benefit from. This requires us to collect various categories of Personal Data from you. We use different analytics tools to understand what your behaviour means in terms of your like and dislike of our various product lines, and to understand the impact (success rates) of the messages delivered to you.  Use of Cookies/Tags/Pixels: We may collect your Personal Data for this purpose by using technologies such as cookies, pixels and tags to collect your device information. More information is available in “Collecting Your Device Information on Our Website and Apps Using Cookies, Pixels, Tags, And Similar Technologies”.  Measurements (if available to adidas)  Payment, Purchase and Transaction Information (if available to adidas)  Social Media Interaction and Activity (if available to adidas)  Fitness Activity Information (if available to adidas)  Behavioural and Preference Information (if available to adidas)  Membership Administration Information (where adidas brand membership applies / if available to adidas)  We retain it for as long as you do not withdraw your consent sending you emails or object to us processing your Personal Data for marketing purposes.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  Personalised Marketing Messages Via Email (Via Existing Contract)  When you purchase our products or conclude any contracts with us, we consider that to be an indication of interests to our products, services, promotions, and various offerings. We send you marketing messages that we think you would be interested in (“personalised”) to the email address you provide to us or via push-notifications when you have installed our app. To send you “personalised” messages, we observe your online (and sometimes, where applicable, offline) behaviour, and analyse your behaviour using analytics to best estimate what product lines you might be interested in, and you can benefit from. This requires us to collect various categories of Personal Data from you. We use different analytics tools to understand what your behaviour means in terms of your like and dislike of our various product lines, and to understand the impact (success rates) of the messages delivered to you.  Use of Cookies/Tags/Pixels: We may collect your Personal Data for this purpose by using technologies such as cookies, pixels and tags to collect your device information. More information is available in “Collecting Your Device Information on Our Website and Apps Using Cookies, Pixels, Tags, And Similar Technologies”.  Measurements (if available to adidas)  Payment, Purchase and Transaction Information (if available to adidas)  Social Media Interaction and Activity (if available to adidas)  Fitness Activity Information (if available to adidas)  Behavioural and Preference Information (if available to adidas)  Membership Administration Information (where adidas brand membership applies / if available to adidas)  We retain it for as long as you do not withdraw your consent sending you emails or object to us processing your Personal Data for marketing purposes.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  Targeted Messages On 3rd-Party Advertising Platforms  We use third-party advertising platforms, such as Facebook, Google, YouTube, Instagram, etc. to send you messages that are targeted at you, based on your behaviour and browsing pattern, at specific times and locations of these platforms to increase the efficiency of our advertising campaigns. In order to do this, we share your Personal Data with our Advertising Agency Partners as well as Social Media Platforms. We use third-party solutions such as Google Analytics and Facebook Business Manager tools to help us do a better job at targeting our campaigns and messages for our consumers. Social Media Platforms will attempt to match your profile in their database to determine the optimal time and place (the page you are browsing) to show you an advertisement from adidas. We also need to analyse necessary information to understand the impact of our campaigns. If you don’t accept that we track you for this purpose, you will still see adidas advertisements on Social Media Platforms and other third-party platforms at random. Please also read the privacy notice on the Social Media Platforms to understand how your Personal Data is used by them for this purpose.  Use of Cookies/Tags/Pixels: We may collect your Personal Data for this purpose by using technologies such as cookies, pixels and tags to collect your device information. More information is available in “Collecting Your Device Information on Our Website and Apps Using Cookies, Pixels, Tags, And Similar Technologies”.  You can learn more about how our Advertising Partners and Social Media Platforms help us achieve this purpose by visiting their sites:  Facebook Custom Audience Terms: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/customaudience  Contact information (if available to adidas)  Measurements (if available to adidas)  Payment, Purchase and Transaction Information (if available to adidas)  Social Media Interaction and Activity (if available to adidas)  Fitness Activity Information (if available to adidas)  Behavioural and Preference Information (if available to adidas)  Membership Administration Information (where adidas brand membership applies / if available to adidas)  We retain it for as long as you do not withdraw your consent.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  Creators Club Membership Administration – Where Applicable  Please note this section only applies if you are joining adidas Creators Club to become a Creators Club member. This includes when you create an account on the adidas Running and adidas Training apps.  When you become an adidas Creators Club member, we use the information specified above to maintain and administer your membership as described in the Creators Club Terms and Conditions. We also use your information to communicate with you.  In particular, your Personal Data is used for:  a)            calculating your club points to provide you rewards;  b)            providing you access to special offers and promotions;  c)             sending you invitations to exclusive events;  d)            allowing you access to limited edition products;  e)            providing you access to a premium Runtastic subscription when eligible;  f)             storing your shipping address and payment details to shorten check-out time online and in the app;  g)            storing your complete order history so you can access it at any time;  h)            allowing you to track your order delivery from your account;  i)              sending you messages about your account status (level up and/or down);  j)              sending messages about your reward and how to retrieve them;  k)            sending you messages about how to gain club points or retain your level including promotional messages about your products and services (you can unsubscribe from this message at any time by using the “Unsubscribe” function in the message.)  When you use your Creators Club membership ID, we receive the information to calculate reward points for you, such as when you purchase in participating adidas brand retail stores. Your data will be shared with Creators Club Partners who provide certain rewards according to Creators Club Terms and Conditions, or provide confirmation we need to give you points.  You will receive email marketing messages from adidas as a Creators Club member. You can unsubscribe from this message at any time by using the “Unsubscribe” function in the message.  You can also use your Creators Club membership in adidas apps. When you use adidas apps with your Creators Club membership, we use push notifications in the app to communicate information about your membership or promotional activities and offers. You can switch off push notifications at any time using “Settings” in your mobile devices. However, if you switch off push notifications, we may need to contact you via emails for important messages relating to your membership.  Use of Cookies/Tags/Pixels: We may collect your Personal Data for this purpose by using technologies such as cookies, pixels and tags to collect your device information. More information is available in “Collecting Your Device Information on Our Website and Apps Using Cookies, Pixels, Tags, And Similar Technologies”.  Legitimate Interest (email marketing messages)  Image and Recordings (when available to adidas)  Personal Opinion (when available to adidas)  Measurements (when available to adidas)  Payment, Purchase and Transaction Information (when available to adidas)  Social Media Interaction and Activity (when available to adidas)  Fitness Activity Information (when available to adidas)  Behavioural and Preference Information (when available to adidas)  Duration of contract and statutory limitation period. We need to keep the information in case of any legal disputes concerning the contract.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  When you sign up for an event which we organise that have limited spots, we use the Personal Data you provide to reserve a spot for you. Your Personal Data will be used according to the Terms and Conditions associated with the event. Please read the specific privacy notice we may publish at the time of the registration if available.  Fitness Activity Information: any information we may collect from you on the day of the event.  Behavioural and Preference Information (if collected for the specific event)  Image and Recordings (if collected for the specific event)  Personal Opinion (if collected for the specific event)  Social Media Interaction and Activity (if collected for the specific event)  Membership Administration Information (where adidas brand membership applies / if available to adidas)  Duration of the event and statutory limitation period in case of any disputes.  adidas Controller organizing the event.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  IT Cloud Solution Providers (where applicable)  We often also organize events that are open to everyone. We use the Personal Data you provide to keep you inform of the events you are interested in. Please read the specific privacy notice we may publish at the time of the registration if available.  Fitness Activity Information: any information we may collect from you on the day of the event.  Membership Administration Information (where adidas brand membership applies / if available to adidas)  For the duration of the event + 36 months if the data from a particular event is used for BUSINESS OPERATIONAL ANALYTICS purpose.  adidas Controller organizing the event.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  IT Cloud Solution Providers (where applicable)  We conduct analysis to research improve our products and services. This includes asking you questions in surveys, asking you for feedback, asking you to test our products and provide us with a review, asking other service providers to conduct market and product research for us, try new technologies in our product that might collect Personal Data to stay ahead of the competition. We retain this information based on our “legitimate interest”, so by participating in any product review or survey, you agree that this is our legitimate interest. Where it is possible for the specific project or if you object to this legitimate interest, we will remove any identity, contact, or mobile device information, so the information cannot be used to identify you, and will no longer be your Personal Data, and is considered “anonymised”.  Measurements (only if required by the project)  Identity information (only if required by the project)  Contact information (only if required by the project)  Location information (only if required by the project)  Payment, Purchase and Transaction Information (only if required by the project)  Social Media Interaction and Activity (only if required by the project)  Fitness Activity Information (only if required by the project)  Browsing Information (only if required by the project)  Mobile Device Information (only if required by the project)  Correspondence (only if required by the project)  Behavioural and Preference Information (only if required by the project)  Membership Administration Information (where adidas brand membership applies / if available to adidas)  The duration of the project and statutory retention period stated to protect our IP rights.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  Legal Obligation - Cooperation with Law Enforcement And Regulatory Authorities (Including Courts)  When we are legally required to provide your Personal Data for national and public security reasons, crime prevention, investigation and prosecution, anti-money laundering, judicial proceedings, protection of other individuals’ rights and freedoms, and enforcement of civil claims, we will provide information as requested by the authorities or parties once we are satisfied that the request is mandated by law. We may not be able to notify you if it is against the law to do so.  All Categories of Personal Data as requested by the enforcement authority.  For as long as required by law.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  Local and national government authorities, including tax authorities  Local and national law enforcement agencies  Evidence – Contract Dispute and/or Legal Compliance  We need to keep evidence in case of any contractual dispute, or to defend ourselves in case of any investigatory audits or privacy compliance disputes and complaints, including how we have handled your individual rights.  All Categories of Personal Data as required to be used as evidence  Statutory Limitation period depending on the contractual period and/or the legal requirement  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  Collecting Your Device Information on Our Website and Apps Using Cookies, Pixels, Tags, And Similar Technologies (“COOKIES NOTICE”)  When you visit the adidas site, we store data collectors such as cookies, tags, pixels, tag containers, beacons, among others, in your browser to obtain certain information about your current browsing session. These technologies are often referred to as “Cookies” collectively by other websites. Cookies also enable our website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another. We use Cookies for different purposes, which also mean they have different legal bases. Please review the information below to understand how we use different types of Cookies to fulfil different purposes.  1)“REQUIRED” – site functionality and business operation. We use “Required Cookies” to operate our site. This includes storing a unique identifier to manage and identify you as a unique visitor to our site, to provide a consistent and accurate service to you. This includes making sure that we remember the products you have placed in your cart, or your language preferences. These Cookies are stored for the duration of your browsing session. Without these Cookies, you will not be able to view our site properly.  2) “FUNCTIONAL” – website improvement and performance. We use “Functional Cookies” to continuously improve our website performance. This includes using the data we collected from you to do the following:  Web analytics —Based on your browsing behaviour, we will analyse the data to improve the functionality and design of our site.  Ad response rates— Based on how you come to our site, we will measure our ad response rates by analysing our ad click-through rates to improve the effectiveness of advertising purchased on a site external to ours.  Affiliate tracking— We need to let our affiliate marketing partners, or service providers have certain information if you came to our site, and purchased products, through a visit to theirs. This is required as we may need to provide them a fee for such services. For this purpose, we will share information about your visit, including the products you have purchased.  Error management— We measure errors presented on a website, to make sure we fix bugs or any issues promptly.  Testing designs— We need to use A/B testing or multivariate testing, to ensure a consistent look and feel is maintained for the user of the site in the current and subsequent sessions.  Consent – for the installation of any “Cookies” tagged as a “Functional Cookie” on your device and browser  3) “MARKETING” – website improvement and performance. We use “Marketing Cookies” provided by our advertising partners to make sure our advertising messages are shown to you at the right time and the right place. These Cookies are persistent but time-limited cookies. These Cookies contain a unique key to distinguish individual users’ browsing habits. We also use these Cookies to limit the number of times a user sees a particular ad on a website and to measure the effectiveness of a particular campaign. The identifier stored by these Cookies are provided by our partners. We cannot use the same identifier in our own systems. We also use these cookies to serve ads that are relevant to your immediate geo-location, for example to provide you with the nearest store where the product you are browsing may be available.  Consent – for the installation of any “Cookies” tagged as a “Marketing Cookie” on your device and browser, and for using your Personal Data collected for the purposes described under above.  Identity Information (when available to adidas)  Location information: this is collected through observing your browsing behaviour  Membership Information (when available to adidas)  Behavioural and Preference Information (if available to adidas)  The cookies, pixels, tags, and other similar technologies used to collect your device information and browsing behaviour information are stored in your browser for the session or for as long as you do not clear your browser cookie setting.  The data we obtained through the cookies related to other purposes will be stored for the duration of that purpose.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  You can change your browser settings to delete or prevent certain cookies from being stored on your computer or mobile device without your explicit consent. The ‘help’ section in your browser should provide information on how to manage your cookie settings.  Find out how this works for your browser here:  These websites will also help you understand more about how Cookie-based advertising works and how you can manage your Cookie Settings:  Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1  You can learn more about the laws governing the use of “Cookies” here: http://ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics/legal/cookies/index_en.htm  User-Generated Content (UGC) Acquisition From Social Media  We invite you to provide your images to us via social media platforms by following specific instructions such as “#yesadidas”. We will be using the images you provide for our campaign communications. We will obtain rights to your image through a licence agreement in the form of our terms and conditions. By submitting your images via social media platforms to us, you will agree for us to use your images as described in the licence agreement.  Identity information: your social media handler  Community information: images, videos, comments, sound recordings and other files provided through the social media platform promoting adidas  Social Media Interaction and Activity  Duration of licence agreement and statutory limitation period in case of any disputes.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  IT Cloud Solution Providers (where applicable)  When you use the adidas app, we use push notifications in this app to communicate with you concerning the purposes stated in this Notice. This includes information that relates to purposes based on the Performance of Contract (such as your purchase). You can switch off push notifications at any time using “Settings” in your mobile devices. However, if you switch off push notifications, we may need to contact you via emails for important messages relating to your purchase.  Browsing Information AND Mobile Device Information  For as long as you use the app and not switched Push Notification off.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  Infinite Play Programme Resell Participation  adidas has partnered with our Selling Partner - Stuffstr Limited (“Stuffstr”) - to provide consumers the opportunity to sell back eligible adidas products in return for adidas gift cards through the adidas Infinite Play resell Programme (“the Programme”).  For the Programme, we will need to use the following information:  Contact Information – so Stuffstr knows where to pick up your items, send you bags to pack your items, and to issue gift cards to the right person, and you will receive adidas Gift Cards via email or in-app messages.;  Payment, Purchase and Transaction Information – as gift cards are issued based on the length of the item purchased, we need to verify when you actually bought the items; and  Membership Administration Information – you get points when you resell your items according to Creators Club Terms and Conditions.  Stuffstr will conclude the contract with you directly, so they can collect the items from you, sell the products for recycling, and provide you with gift cards in return. If you need more bags for the items you wish to resell, you will be redirected to the Stuffstr website to provide additional information.  Profiling: Stuffstr staff will be manually assessing the status of the items you resell and create a profile for the items you have resold through the Programme. Stuffstr uses this information to determine their future assessment for your items. If you have consistently returned items that are more worn out than expected (the original return price), Stuffstr may provide a different value based on your profile.  Labels Scanning: you have the option to use your device camera to scan the labels of the adidas products you want to sell back to us. We will use the labels pictures to recognize information about the product (size, materials, model, production date) and to identify whether the product is genuine or not.  To analyse the labels we use the Google Machine Learning Kit (https://developers.google.com/ml-kit/vision/barcode-scanning). Your label pictures will not be shared with Google.  We will ask for your permission before you use your camera to try this feature.  Use of Cookies/Tags/Pixels: We may collect your Personal Data for this purpose by using technologies such as cookies, pixels and tags to collect your device information. More information is available in “Collecting Your Device Information on Our Website and Apps Using Cookies, Pixels, Tags, And Similar Technologies”.  Payment, Purchase and Transaction Information  Browsing Information AND Mobile Device Information  Membership Administration Information (where adidas brand membership applies / if available to adidas)  Duration of contract and statutory limitation period. We need to keep the information in case of any legal disputes concerning the contract.  adidas AG Subsidiaries and Affiliates  What does adidas do when we transfer your Personal Data outside of the EU/EEA?  Depending on the Personal Data processing activity, your Personal Data is shared with different “Categories of Recipients”. Where the recipient is located outside the EU/EEA, we have implemented necessary measures such as singing the EU Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the EU Commission and appropriate security safeguards.  How do we secure your Personal Data?  We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to address the risks corresponding to our use of your Personal Data, including loss, alteration, or unauthorised access to your Personal Data, and empowering you to exercise your rights. We require our service providers to do the same through contractual agreements. However, you should be aware that any transmission of your Personal Data through the internet is at your own risk. We can only protect your Personal Data when we have it.  adidas CUSTOMER SERVICE - (https://adidas.com/help)  If you have any general questions or require immediate assistance and support concerning your rights or how we use your Personal Data, please contact our Customer Service team. You can find their contact information and channels by clicking on this link https://adidas.com/help.  If you have any questions about your rights, please consult your local authorities’ websites and offices.  How do you contact the Responsible Entities and our Data Protection Officer?  Global Legal (Privacy) | Data Protection Officer  Recipients of your Personal Data  You can find a list of Data Recipients who processes your Personal Data under Responsible Entities’ instructions below. The list is subject to change as necessary.  adidas International Marketing B.V. - Webshop operations & Marketing Services  Demandware Inc.| USA - Website Hosting  Adyen | Netherlands - Payment Processes  InfoSys Technologies Ltd. | India, EPAM | Belarus - Website Development  Adobe Analytics | Ireland, Google Analytics | USA - Web Analytics  Sprinklr | USA, Olapic Inc. | USA - Social Media Analytics  Flurry | USA, Apps Flyer | Israel - Mobile App Analytics  Qualtrics LLC | USA – Survey, Net Promoter Score  act.3 | Germany, cip Trademarketing GmbH | Germany - Event Management  Neolane Ltd. | France - Marketing  Batterii LLC | USA - Consumer Insights  TBWA Worldwide Inc. | USA, Media Monk Netherlands, IRIS | Australia - CRM Agencies  Olapic, Inc. | USA - UGC Support Partners  adidas affiliates | globally - Consumer Relationship Management  Teleperformance | Germany - Customer Service  DHL | Germany - Product Delivery  Feedzai | Germany - Fraud Prevention  PayPal | USA - Payment Service  Apple Pay, Google Pay | USA - Mobile Payment  Facebook (WhatsApp, Instagram) | USA - Social Media Interaction  Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2 | Ireland - Social Media Interaction  Twitter | USA - Social Media Interaction  Google | USA - Social Media Interaction  Runtastic GmbH | Austria - Health and Fitness Community  Google Analytics | USA - Analytics  Adobe Analytics | USA - Analytics  Anatwine Limited | UK - Consumer Experience  MediaCom | UK - Advertising Partner  Salesforce - CRM Software | Data Analytics  Wunderman - Email Marketing Services  Stuffstr Limited - Selling Partner  Webhelp – Customer Service Provider  Fit Analytics GmbH – Size Reccomnedation Provider  Bazaarvoice, Inc | USA – Ratings analytics Provider  mParticle Inc | USA – Mobile App analytics  Amplitude Inc | USA – Mobile App analytics  Appsflyer Ltd | Israel – Mobile App analytics  Visenze Pte. Ltd | Singapore -  Visual Search Provider  Vyking Limited | UK - Augmented Reality Services Provider  Where your personal data may be used by non-adidas Data Controllers via adidas platforms, applications or elsewhere for their own purposes, please consult the privacy notice of the non-adidas Data Controller for more information about how they handle your personal data.  We strive to serve you better and appreciate your feedback  Our newsletter contains all the latest updates on new products and launches  I am 16+ years old. Why does this matter?  I am 16+ years old. Why does this matter?  adidas requires a minimum age confirmation in accordance with the Terms and Conditions.  By law, you must be at least 16 years old to receive updates from adidas. Close  I provide my contact information so adidas can inform me about adidas products and services which are tailored for me. I know that I can stop adidas from communicating with me at any time. How?  I provide my contact information so adidas can inform me about adidas products and services which are tailored for me. I know that I can stop adidas from communicating with me at any time. How?  To inform you about our products and services  adidas (UK) Limited and adidas affiliate entities will be contacting you to keep you posted with what’s the latest at adidas, including our products and services.  By providing your consent to be informed about adidas products and services tailored for you, we will be using the following types of personal details to communicate only adidas product and services information that is relevant to you:  Behavioural/Profile information (only if you are also signed up as a registered adidas member)  Preference information (only if you are also signed up as a registered adidas member)  You can unsubscribe (withdraw your consent) at any time by using the unsubscribe link" in the email communication we send you, or by contacting our consumer services team.  Check out our Privacy Notice to read in more details about:  YOUR PERSONAL DETAILS – WHAT PERSONAL DETAILS ARE WE COLLECTING FROM YOU AND WHAT WE DO WITH IT?  PURPOSES – WHY ARE WE USING YOUR PERSONAL DETAILS?  YOUR RIGHTS – AND HOW YOU CAN EXERCISE THEM?  By clicking Sign Up, you have read and agreed to the adidas Privacy Notice  You have successfully signed up for email updates -  has been added to the mailing list.  STAY IN THE KNOW WITH ADIDAS  seller: adidas (UK) Limited | Operator of the website and Copyright: 2019 adidas (UK) Limited 