Privacy Policy - iRacing.com | iRacing.com Motorsport Simulations  Live Now: SimSpeed: Racing Sims V8SCOPS Support Series // Event 10 // Imola Watch iRacing Live Now (1 live)  Keyboard Shortcuts: Replay / Camera Controls  Terms of Use and EULA  Porsche Tag Heuer Esports Supercup  World of Outlaws Sprint Car Championship  World of Outlaws Late Model Championship  Read and download the iRacing privacy policy to get vital information about how iRacing handles and maintains user information including without limitation the provisions that permit personally identifiable information to be used for marketing purposes and to be transferred worldwide. iRacing collects some personal information about our users in order to process transactions, to help us understand the use of our product, to contact you for billing, marketing purposes, customer service and other uses. You should thoroughly read the iRacing privacy policy before beginning your iRacing membership, as you must accept its terms before signing up.  Interested in special offers, free giveaways, and news?  Terms of Use and EULA  You can unsubscribe at any time using the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email.  Sign up to get interesting news and updates delivered to your inbox.  Sorry, we could not complete your sign-up. Please contact us to resolve this.  Operation timed out, please try again.  By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: iRacing.com, 34 Crosby Dr, Bedford, MA, 01730, US, http://www.iracing.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email.  Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.  By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: iRacing.com, 300 Apollo Dr., Chelmsford, MA, 01824, US, http://www.iracing.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email.  Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.  We use analytics to determine how users use our website and look for opportunities within these datasets to improve our site design.  This is an internally generated cookie that we use to hide our SMS form if our users have signed up or indicated they are not interested receiving SMS notifications. It is there to improve your site experience by saving your preferences.  We use this pixel to run digital marketing campaigns across other websites. This basically just lets us know you are interested in iRacing!  We use this cookie to see what our users do after they click on an ad. This helps us understand how effective our marketing campaigns are in leading to product purchases.  This allows us to make our Facebook ads more targeted to our ideal audience. It basically lets us know what kinds of customers are interested in iRacing before targeting these types of customers on the Facebook platform.  Enhance Your Experience with Cookies  We use cookies to improve your site experience. Customize your cookie preferences below.  These cookies gather data on how visitors use this website – which pages are visited most often, for example.  These cookies remember website preferences and generally improve the performance of the site for the user.  These cookies are used to provide a customized experience and can be used to provide targeted ads through advertising networks.  You have successfully updated your cookie settings.  Copyright © 2021 iRacing.com Motorsport Simulations, LLC. All Rights Reserved.