Privacy Policy - MPP Global  Go to Platform Overview »  www.mppglobal.com (Website) is provided by MPP Global Solutions Ltd (we, our or us). We are the controller of personal data obtained via our Website, meaning the organisation legally responsible for deciding how and for what purposes it is used.  We take your privacy seriously. Please read this privacy policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are and how and why we collect, store, use and share any information relating to you (your Personal Data) in connection with your use of our Website. It also explains your rights in relation to your Personal Data and how to contact us or a relevant regulator in the event you have a complaint.  We collect, use and are responsible for certain Personal Data about you. When we do so we are subject to the GDPR as it applies in the UK and as it applies in relation to services we offer to individuals and our wider operations in the European Economic Area (EEA).  Given the nature of our Website, we do not expect to collect Personal Data of children and this Privacy Notice is therefore written for adults.  What this Privacy Notice applies to  This Privacy Policy relates to the use of our Website only.  Full name of legal entity:  MPP Solutions Ltd  Name or title of DPO: Head of Legal  Postal address: 401 Faraday Street, Birchwood Park, Warrington, WA3 6GA  Telephone number: 0844 873 1418  As a data subject you have the following rights under the GDPR, which this policy and MPP Global’s use of your Personal Data have been designed to uphold:  The right to be informed about our collection and use of personal data;  The right of access to the personal data that we hold about you;  The right to rectification if any personal data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete;  The right to be forgotten – i.e. the right to ask us to delete any personal data we hold about you;  The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) processing of your personal data;  The right to data portability (obtaining a copy of your data to be used with another service or organisation);  The right to object to us using your personal data for particular purposes; and  Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.  You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.  Your Duty to Inform Us Of Changes  It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.  This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.  The Data We Collect About You  Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).  We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:  Identity & Contact Data includes first name, last name, email address and telephone numbers.  Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.  Usage Data includes information about how you use our website.  Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.  We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.  How is Your Personal Data Collected?  We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:  Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity and Contact Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:  apply for our whitepapers or guidance documents;  subscribe to our newsletters or publications;  attend on one of our webinars  request marketing to be sent to you;  enter a competition, promotion or survey; or  Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. Please see our cookie policy for further details.  How Do We Use Your Personal Data?  All personal data is processed and stored securely, for no longer than is necessary We will always have a lawful basis, either because it is necessary for our performance of a contract with you, or because you have consented to our use of your personal data (i.e. subscribing to emails), or because it is in our legitimate interests.  Purposes for which we will use your personal data  We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.  Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest  To manage our relationship with you which will include:  (a) Providing you with access to Whitepapers, Free Downloads, Webinars Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy  (b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey  (a) Performance of a contract with you  (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation  (c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how you access and use our products/services)  To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey  (a) Performance of a contract with you  (b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how you use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)  To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)  (a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)  To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you  Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)  To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences  Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)  To make suggestions and recommendations to you about products/services that may be of interest to you  Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)  People Who Contact Us by Social Media  We use a third party provider, Hootsuite to manage our social media interactions.  If you send us a private or direct message via social media the message will be stored by Hootsuite. It will not be shared with any other organisations.  We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.  We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, and Usage Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).  You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us, including free downloads, whitepapers, attended on webinars or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.  You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time.  You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see https://www.mppglobal.com/cookie-policy/  Do We Share Your Personal Data?  We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.  We use Marketo to provide marketing automation which helps us streamline the marketing lifecycle to ensure that you are getting the right marketing communications every time. You can find their Privacy Policy here:-  We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.  What Happens If MPP Global Changes Hands?  We may from time to time expand or reduce our organisation and this may involve the sale and/or transfer of control of all or part of our organisation.  Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other organisations or merge with them. If a change happens to our organisation, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.  Depending on how you use our site your data will only be stored in the UK.  We share your personal data within the MPP Global Group. This will involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring that we only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries.  We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.  We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.  How long will you use my personal data for?  We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.  To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.  Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy which you can request from us by contacting us.  How Can You Access Your Personal Data?  You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.  What We May Need from You  We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.  We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.  We may change this Privacy Policy (from time to time for example if the law changes.). Any changes will be immediately posted on our site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of our Site following the alterations.  We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up to date.  We have appointed IT Governance Europe Limited to act as our EU representative. If you wish to exercise your rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR), or have any queries in relation to your rights or general privacy matters, please email our Representative at eurep@itgovernance.eu  Please ensure to include our company name in any correspondence you send to our Representative.  We Would Love to Hear from You...  Our newsletter is a great way to stay one step ahead with the latest industry news & insight. By submitting your email address here, you are opting in to receive periodic marketing communications from MPP Global.  MPP Global Integrates Zephr as an Intelligent Paywall partner  MPP Global, the technology company that delivers eSuite, the world’s...  80% of OTT Services Concerned About Post-pandemic Churn and Growth Plateau  4 out of 5 OTT services are intent on...  MPP Global Appoints Ruth Bickerton as Vice President, Global Channel & Strategic Alliances, Publishing  MPP Global, the technology company powering the media industry...  MPP Global and Agillic Partnership will Deliver Best-in-Class Subscriber Tech for Subscription and Media Businesses  Agillic and MPP Global are partnering to provide a...  65% of Media Companies Express Challenges With Involuntary Churn  In a recent webinar hosted by MPP Global, on the...  There are currently no upcoming events. In the meantime, you can always sign-up to our mailing list to keep up-to-date with MPP Global.  ©2021 MPP Global Solutions Ltd  We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OK