Privacy & Cookie Policy | Funky Pigeon  Order cards by 9.30pm (Mon - Fri) for delivery next day - Tracked 24 and other options available. Click for more infoi  View All 3D Card Options  View All Personalised Gift Options  Hoodies & Sweatshirts New In  Gift Bags & Hat Boxes  Funky Pigeon Privacy & Cookie Policy  We take your privacy very seriously so you can shop with confidence at funkypigeon.com  When you place an order, we collect some personal information from you such as your name and email address.  This information is collected and held securely. We use the latest encryption methods to ensure to ensure  information cannot be read or used by unauthorised third parties. We treat all your personal information as  confidential, complying completely with data protection and consumer legislation. Reputable third-party  institutions process payments and handle credit card and debit card transactions complying with strict legal  and contractual obligations to keep your personal information private.  For more information about our security and privacy policies Click here.  Cookies are small text files. Many websites place cookies on your computer when you visit. Cookies are used  to make websites work, improve performance/efficiency, and provide useful information to website operators.  The table below explains what cookies we use and why. Many web browsers allow users to control most cookies  through their browser settings. More information about cookies, including details on viewing what cookies  have been set and how to delete them, is available at allaboutcookies.org.  By continuing to use funkypigeon.com, you are consenting to Funky Pigeon Ltd to using the following  cookies for the purposes described below:  This cookie allows our web servers to respond to your actions on the website  such as "Add to basket" or browsing the website. The website wouldn't work for you without it.  These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site.  We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect  information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors  have come to the site from and the pages they visited.  Enables funkypigeon.com to optimise and improve your experience, reccommending  content based on popular products and previously viewed information.  By continuing to use funkypigeon.com, you are consenting to 3rd party cookies in association with Funky  Pigeon Ltd using the following cookies for the purposes described below:  Oracle Maxymiser enable funkypigeon.com to test/optimise content and user  experience. These cookies store information relating to user experiences so that funkypigeon.com  can serve the most relevant and user friendly content. Stored data is anonymous and I not shared  Adalyser cookies help to track and attribute traffic to marketing streams.  New relic cookies provide website performance data for monitoring purposes  helping funkypigeon.com identify performance opportunities.  Trustpilot is the chosen review collection service for funkypigeon.com service  and product reviews. The Trustpilot rating widget shows the latest star rating and uses cookies  Facebook cookies enable users to 'like' funkypigeon.com and are also used to  give the ability to register or login with Facebook when purchasing through funkypigeon.com.  Content Square_cs_id, _cs_s, _cs_vars, _cs_ex, _cs_v  ContentSquare cookies enable UX analysis to help improve the experience for  users on the website. You can opt-out of ContentSquare tracking here: http://optout.contentsquare.net/  Taggstar presents onsite messages to highlight popular selling products  If you do not have cookies enabled on your device, your website experience may be limited. Use the links  below to learn more about how to manage, enable and disable cookies.  Delete and manage cookiesin Internet Explorer  Enable and disable cookiesin Firefox  See the My Funky Rewards Cookie Policy for more  information regarding cookies used when visiting My Funky Rewards.  Royal Mail Tracked 2497% of orders are delivered the next day - available 7 days a week (excluding public holidays). Orders must be placed before 9:30pm weekdays and 1pm weekends.  Royal Mail Special DeliverySignature not required but Customers need to be at home to receive the delivery.  Royal Mail First ClassRoyal Mail aim to deliver 80% of 1st Class mail the next working day however, this can take 1-3 working days  Exclusions Apply - Click here for details.  © 2021 funkypigeon.com Limited, County Gates, Ashton Road, Bristol, BS3 2JH, UK  In order to give you a unique shopping experience tailored to your needs, Funky Pigeon uses tracking cookies to personalise our site content and marketing. Please click 'Accept' to consent to the use of cookies on funkypigeon.com or 'More Info' for more options and information on how we use cookies.  Essential cookies enable core functionality such as page navigation and adding to basket The website cannot function properly without these cookies; they can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.  These cookies are used to track performance of the website and gather anonymous information about how visitors use our site. These cookies allow us to improve our website and offer the best experience possible.  We use marketing cookies to track the performance of our own paid marketing activity, to improve the relevancy of the content you see and to order to shape future marketing activity.  Clear, enable, and managecookies in Chrome  Delete and manage cookiesin Internet Explorer  Enable and disable cookiesin Firefox  Sorry, your account is locked. Please contact us for assistance.  Download the App and get...  30% off Cards - use code: 30APP  Flowers Delivered 7 days a week  Gifts bags & Hat Boxes 