We don't support this version of your browser!  You are seeing this page because we detected an outdated or unsupported browser. To continue browsing wizzair.com and to get the best experience while browsing, we recommend that you update your browser.  These are the ones we recommend:  Book flights to your Wizz Air destination of choice on your ideal departure date.  Flexible with dates ? Search for the lowest available fare for your journey, and book by best price.  Find out our flight schedule to your chosen destination and select our lowest fare available for your travel date  Check out our routes and applicable regulations  Browse our list of destinations and choose your favourite place for your next holiday.  Discover our destinations and be inspired, from great budget breaks to the best beach holidays.  Organize Your Whole Holiday Easily  Reserve your hotel with Booking.com and get 5% of your booking value back as WIZZ credit.  Rent a car with Rentalcars.comBook today and get 10% of your rental price back!  More than 100 routes, from the airport to your door. Book taxi’s and buses!  Save up to 60% - reserve it now!  Special assistance for disrupted flights and passengers with disabilities  Travelling with infants and babies  WIZZ DISCOUNT CLUB - Guaranteed discounts!  Partner services Terms & Conditions  Short privacy notice of Wizz Air (effective from 30 December 2020)Detailed privacy notice of Wizz Air (effective from 30 December 2020)Privacy Notice for Wizz Air passengers on exemption to wear a mask during flightPrivacy Notice for Passengers travelling to Denmark_COVID-19 pandemic relatedShort privacy notice of Wizz Air ChatbotDetailed privacy notice of Wizz Air ChatbotPrivacy notice for Wizz Air's contractual partnersArchived Privacy notices  Wizz Air Hungary Ltd. All rights reserved. © 2004–2021 Wizz Air © 2000–2021 Navitaire  Policy and other useful links  Wizz Air Modern Slavery Statement  Select flight Destinations Fare finder Destination map Trip planner  How to book Children and infants Payments Check-in and boarding Changing your reservation Group bookings Mobile  Current flight status Delay and Cancellation  Baggage Electronic devices on board Seat allocation Special assistance for disrupted flights and passengers with disabilities Travel documents BREXIT related travel notice Onboard services Travelling with infants and babies  Fare Finder Fares & Bundles All services & fees Refunds and Compensations Billing guide  WIZZ DISCOUNT CLUB - Guaranteed discounts!  Italy Discount Club Privilege Pass  Travel planning map General Travel information Travel restrictions per country Frequently Asked Questions WIZZ Flex Insurance with COVID coverage  Airport comfort services Fare Lock WIZZ Priority WIZZ for families WIZZ Account Gift Voucher Flexible travel partner Auto Check-in Sitting Together  Partner services Terms & Conditions  Hotels Car rental Airport parking Airport transfer WIZZ Credit Card Partner services  About WIZZ Company Information News Press Office Sustainability WIZZ Running General Conditions of Carriage Privacy notice Data Subject Rights  Work with Us Pilots Cabin crew/Flight attendant Office positions  Overview Investor Information Governance Results & calendar Analysts Investor contact 