Online services website terms and conditions - Metropolitan Thames Valley  Tips on how to apply  Tips on how to apply  Home   /   Privacy policy   /   Online services website terms and conditions  Online services website terms and conditions  These terms and conditions of use govern your use of the online services websites https://my.tvha.co.uk and https://mtvh.online (the “Sites”) and your relationship with Metropolitan Thames Valley ( “we” or “us”). Please read them carefully as they affect your rights and liabilities under the law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions of use, please do not sign up to or use the Sites. If you have any questions on the terms and conditions of use please contact mytvh@tvha.co.uk for https://my.tvha.co.uk and hello@mtvh.online for https://mtvh.online.  The Sites are provided to you for your personal use subject to these terms and conditions of use. By using the Sites you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions of use.  The intellectual property rights in the contents of, and the publications contained in, this Sites are owned by us.  You may retrieve and display the content of the Sites on a computer screen or print one copy of such content for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all and any copyright and proprietary notices. You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy or distribute or use for commercial purposes any of the materials or content on the Sites without written permission from us.  These terms and conditions of use, and your use of the Sites shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and the English Courts shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction in connection with all matters relating to these terms and conditions of use.  We make no promise that materials on the Sites are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United Kingdom, and accessing the Sites from territories where its contents are illegal or unlawful is prohibited. If you choose to access these Sites from locations outside the United Kingdom, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.  Although we aim to offer you the best service possible, we make no promise that the services at the Sites will meet your requirements.  We cannot guarantee that your use of the Sites will be uninterrupted or fault-free. If a fault occurs in the Sites you should report it to mytvh@tvha.co.uk for https://my.tvha.co.uk and hello@mtvh.online for https://mtvh.online and we will attempt to correct the fault as soon as we reasonably can.  We may update the Sites from time to time, and may change the content at any time.  We will seek to ensure that all the material on this Sites is accurate and up-to-date. Nonetheless, the content of the Sites is provided without any warranty or responsibility and any of the content on the Sites may be out of date at any given time.  You should not make significant decisions based on the information provided on this Sites without obtaining appropriate independent advice.  We will not be responsible for any liability which may arise from your use of the Sites or reliance on any content of these Sites or any linked website.  Nothing in these terms and conditions of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.  This Sites may have links to other websites. We are not responsible for the contents of, nor does it warrant the accuracy or reliability of any material appearing on, any linked website. A link on these Sites to another website does not imply any kind of endorsement or recommendation of that website.  You must not include links to the Sites in any other website without our prior written consent.  Although care is taken to check and test material at all stages of production, we cannot accept any responsibility for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or your computer system which may occur whilst using material derived from these Sites.  You must have a valid email address and passphrase to access these Sites. You must keep this passphrase confidential and must not disclose it or share it with anyone. If you know or suspect that someone else knows your passphrase you should notify us by immediately contacting mytvh@tvha.co.uk for https://my.tvha.co.uk and hello@mtvh.online for https://mtvh.online.  If we have reason to believe that there is likely to be a breach of security or misuse of the site, we may require you to change your password or we may suspend your account.  Please ensure that the details provided by you via the Sites or at any other time are correct and complete. You must inform us immediately of any changes to the information that you provided via the Sites by updating your personal details in order that we can communicate with you effectively.  Unless you instruct us otherwise, we might use your sign-in email address for communication purposes according to our Privacy Policy.  Our right to suspend or cancel your use of the site  We may suspend or cancel your right to use our Sites immediately at our reasonable discretion or if you breach any of your obligations under these Terms and Conditions.  Your personal information will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy.  We use cookies (small files which remember a user’s electronic device) to help improve the Site in a variety of different ways. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our cookie policy  We may update these terms and conditions of use from time to time. Any changes will be notified to you via a suitable announcement on the Sites. The changes will apply to the use of the Sites after we have given notice. If you do not wish to accept the updated terms and conditions of use you should not continue to use the Sites. If you continue to use the Sites after the date on which the change comes into effect, your use of the Sites indicates your agreement to be bound by the updated terms and conditions of use.  Please contact us at the following email address with any questions and/or complaints about our service to you: mytvh@tvha.co.uk for https://my.tvha.co.uk and hello@mtvh.online for https://mtvh.online.  I am a resident looking for:  Metropolitan Thames Valley (MTVH) is the trading name for Thames Valley Housing Association Limited (TVH) and Metropolitan Housing Trust Limited (MHT). TVH and MHT are registered societies for the benefit of the community, registered, authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (with registration numbers 17375R and 16337R respectively) and the Social Housing Regulator. MHT is an exempt charity and a subsidiary of TVH. TVH’s registered office is Premier House, 52 London Road, Twickenham TW1 3RP. MHT’s registered office is The Grange, 100 High Street, London N14 6PW.  Copyright © 2021 Metropolitan Thames Valley Housing  We use cookies on our website. By accepting, you agree to our use of cookies. About our cookies and how to manage them. 