This website is adults only!  If you are under the age of 18 years, or under the age of majority in the location from where you are accessing this website you do not have authorization or permission to enter this website or access any of its materials.  If you are over the age of 18 years or over the age of majority in the location from where you are accessing this website by using the website you hereby agree to comply with all the terms of service and agree to the privacy policy.  You also acknowledge and agree that you are not offended by nudity and explicit depictions of sexual activity.  By clicking on the "Enter" button, by entering or by using this website you agree with all the above and certify under penalty of perjury that you are an adult.  I'm 18 or older — Enter  VRPorn.com - The #1 VR Porn site in the world.  VRPorn.comWebsite Privacy Policy Last Updated: March 11, 2020 Introduction Welcome to GenVR, Inc.’s privacy policy. GenVR respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. Please also use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy policy. Important information and who we are Purpose of this privacy policy This privacy policy aims to give you information on how GenVR collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up, apply to become an affiliate or content creator, or purchase a premium membership.  This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.  It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.  Controller GenVR, Inc. is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as “GenVR,” “we,” “us,” or “our” in this privacy policy).  We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your GDPR legal rights, please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out below.  Contact details If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact our data privacy manager in the following ways: Full name of legal entity: GenVR, Inc. Email address: privacy@vrporn.com Postal address: 5940 S Rainbow Blvd Ste 400, Las Vegas, NV 89118, USA If you reside in Canada, you may visit www.priv.gc.ca for more information about your privacy rights. If you reside within the European Economic Area (EEA), you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the appropriate supervisory authority for your country of residence. See http://ec.europa.eu for those details.  If you reside in the United Kingdom (UK), you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk).  If you reside outside the EEA or the UK, we will apply your legal rights as applicable to the data laws in the jurisdiction you are in.  We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach your supervisory authority so please contact us in the first instance.  Changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changes We keep our privacy policy under regular review. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. Third-party links This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit. The data we collect about you  Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).  Depending on your account type, we may collect, use, store, and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:  Identity Data includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, and social security number. Contact Data includes mailing address and email address. Financial Data includes payment card details. We store only very limited, if any, Financial Data. Otherwise, all Financial Data is stored by our payment processor and you are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions.  Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us. Technical Data includes Internet protocol (IP) address, cookie ID, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website. Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback, and survey responses. Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products, and services, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URLs); clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time); information you viewed or searched for; page response times; download errors; length of visits to certain pages; page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs); and methods used to browse away from the page. Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.  We also collect, use, and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.  We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data) unless you voluntarily provide it. Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses.  If you fail to provide personal data Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time. How is your personal data collected? We use different methods to collect data from and about you, including through:  Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact, and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by phone, email, or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:  apply to become a content creator; apply to become an affiliate; create an account on our website; subscribe to our service (i.e., purchase a premium membership); request marketing to be sent to you; enter a competition, promotion, or survey; or give us feedback or contact us.  Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs, and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy for further details.  Third parties. We will receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below:  Technical Data from the following parties:  analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU; advertising networks such as DoubleClick based outside the EU; and search information providers such as Google based outside the EU.  Contact, Financial, and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment, and delivery services based outside the EU. We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal data is governed by their privacy policies. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council.  How we use your personal data  We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:  Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you. Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.  Click here to find out more about the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal data. Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although we will get your consent before sending third-party direct marketing communications to you via email. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us. Purposes for which we will use your personal data We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate. Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.  Purpose/Activity Type of data Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest  To register you as a new customer (a) Identity  (b) Contact Performance of a contract with you  To manage our relationship with you which will include: (a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy (b) Calculating and paying you your revenue share if you are an affiliate or content creator (c) Communicate with you (d) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey (a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Financial (d) Transaction (e) Profile (f) Marketing and Communications (a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation (c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)  To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition, or complete a survey (a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Usage (e) Marketing and Communications (a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, and grow our business)  To administer and protect our business and this website (including security, fraud, troubleshooting/technical support, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting, and hosting of data) (a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Technical (a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud, and in the context of a business reorganization or group restructuring exercise) (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation  To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you (a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Usage (e) Marketing and Communications (f) Technical Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business, and to inform our marketing strategy)  To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships, and experiences (a) Technical  (b) Usage Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business, and to inform our marketing strategy)  To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you (a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Technical (d) Usage (e) Profile (f) Marketing and Communications Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)  Marketing We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. We have established the following personal data control mechanisms: Promotional offers from us We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage, and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services, and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).  You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased services from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.  Third-party marketing We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes. Opting out You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing messages sent to you or by contacting us at any time. Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a membership purchase, service experience, or other transactions. Cookies You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our cookie policy. Change of purpose We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law. Disclosures of your personal data We may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes stated in the table (Purposes for which we will use your personal data) above.  External Third Parties as set out in the Glossary. Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.  We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions. International transfers We are based in the United States of America. We may process, store, and transfer the personal data we collect, in and to a country outside your own, with different privacy laws that may or may not be comprehensive as your own. Where we do so, and where we are required to under local law, we will put in place appropriate mechanisms to ensure that your personal data receives an adequate level of protection where it is processed.  Unless you are located in the EEA or the UK, by submitting your personal data or engaging with our platform, you consent to this transfer, storing, or processing. If you reside in the EEA or the UK, your personal data may be processed outside of the EEA or UK, including, for example, in the United States, so processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA or UK.  Please note that we have elected to not participate in the EU–US Privacy Shield at this time. Nevertheless, whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA or UK, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring that the recipient third party agrees to contractual clauses or other appropriate safeguards.  Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA or UK. Data security We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered, or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.  The safety and security of your data also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to take care when providing information in public areas of the website such as chat, comment, or timeline posts, which any website visitor can view.  We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.  Data retention How long will you use my personal data for? We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, or other requirements. By law we have to keep basic information about certain customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial, and Transaction Data) for seven years after they stop being customers for tax purposes.  In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see  accessing and correcting your personal data and your GDPR legal rights below for further information. In some circumstances we will anonymize your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you. Accessing and correcting your personal data You can access, review, and change some of your personal data by logging in the website and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@vrporn.com to request access to, correct, or delete any personal data that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal data except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or negatively affect the information’s accuracy. If you delete your user contributions from the website, copies of your user contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or might have been copied or stored by other website users. Do Not Track policy Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that you can set in your browser. DNT is a way for you to inform websites and services that you do not want certain information about your webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information we collect and that is why we provide you the ability to opt out. But we do not recognize or respond to any DNT signals as the Internet industry works toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT. For more information, visit www.allaboutdnt.com. Your California privacy rights If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal data. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit Privacy Notice for California Residents.  California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section 1798.83) permits our users who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make that request, please send an email to privacy@vrporn.com.  Further, if you are a California resident and would like to opt out from the disclosure of your personal data to any third party for direct marketing purposes, please send an email to privacy@vrporn.com. If you opt out from permitting your personal data to be shared, you may still receive selected offers directly from us in accordance with California law. Your Nevada privacy rights Nevada residents who wish to exercise their sale opt-out rights under Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A may submit a request to this designated address: privacy@vrporn.com. However, please know we do not currently sell data triggering that statute’s opt-out requirements.  Your Canadian privacy rights We comply with Canadian Federal and Provincial privacy laws and regulations, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act. We will only use your personal information for the purposes intended and as detailed in this policy unless we have obtained your consent to use it for other purposes. Residents of Canada are notified that the personal data they provide to us is stored in our databases outside of Canada, including in the United States, and may be subject to disclosure to authorized law enforcement or government agencies in response to lawful demand under the laws of that country. You may withdraw your consent to our personal data collection, use, or disclosure, subject to legal and contractual restrictions. You have the right to complain about our personal data handling practices. If you need to contact us about your personal data or believe that we have violated your privacy rights, please contact us. You may visit www.priv.gc.ca for more information about your privacy rights. Your GDPR legal rights If you reside in the UK, EU, or the EEA, under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please click on the links below to find out more about these rights:  Request access to your personal data. Request correction of your personal data. Request erasure of your personal data. Object to processing of your personal data. Request restriction of processing your personal data. Request transfer of your personal data. Right to withdraw consent.  If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us. No fee usually required You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. What we may need from you We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. Time limit to respond We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. Glossary Lawful Basis Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us. Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract. Comply with a legal obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that we are subject to. Third Parties External Third Parties  Compliance with Laws. We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so to comply with applicable law, government requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements). Vital Interests and Legal Rights. We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved. Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors, or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to that information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the website, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the website over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the website (you can read more about how Google uses your personal data here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en). You can also optout of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.  Your GDPR Legal Rights You have the right to: Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it. Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us. Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully, or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request. Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms. Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:  If you want us to establish the data’s accuracy. Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it. Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims. You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.  Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent. Cookie Policy Cookies are small files of letters and numbers stored on your browser or device that enable the cookie owner to recognize the device when it visits websites or uses online services. The website you visit may set cookies directly, known as first-party cookies, or may trigger cookies set by other domain names, known as third-party cookies. While we may automatically use some cookies that are strictly necessary to provide the services you request or enable communications, we request your consent for all our other cookie uses. Types of Cookies We Use We may use the following types of cookies:  Strictly necessary cookies. Our website requires the use of these cookies to properly operate or provide necessary functions relating to the services you request. They include, for example, cookies enabling you to securely log into our website or purchase services.  Analytical/performance cookies. These cookies allow us and our third-party service providers to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us improve how our website works by, for example, ensuring that users can easily find what they need on our website. These cookies generate aggregate statistics that are not associated with an individualized profile.  Functionality cookies. These cookies enable helpful but non-essential website functions that improve your website experience. By recognizing you when you return to our website, they may, for example, allow us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name, or remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). These cookies may enable visitor identification over time, but not across different websites.  Advertising, tracking, or targeting cookies. These cookies enable different advertising related functions. They may allow us to record information about your visit to our website, such as pages visited, links followed, and videos viewed so we can make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. These cookies may enable visitor identification over time, but not across different websites. We may also share the information with third parties for similar purposes.  Third-party cookies. Our website may contain helpful but non-essential features or plug-ins enabling third-party services that use cookies, such as social network connectors, advertising networks, or web traffic analysis services. These cookies may enable visitor identification across websites and over time. We do not control the third party’s use of those cookies. Please review each party’s cookie disclosure before consenting to this use category.  Our Privacy Policy describes our practices for any personal data that our first-party cookies collect, store, or use. Cross-Border Data Transfers The cookies we use may process, store, or transfer personal data in and to a country outside your own, with privacy laws that provide different, possibly lower, protections. You consent to this transfer, storing, or processing when you consent to our cookie use. We are based in the United States. Please review the third-party cookie provider’s policy to learn more about its location. Your Cookie Choices Most web browsers allow you to directly block all cookies, or just third-party cookies, through your browser settings. Using your browser settings to block all cookies, including strictly necessary ones, may interfere with proper site operation. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. Alternatively, you can search the internet for other independent information on cookies.  Contact Information Please submit any questions, comments, or requests regarding this cookie use notice using the process described here.Copyright © 2021 · Genesis Sample Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in  Work With UsLove VR? Join our team! Content Creators Affiliates Press  Support and HelpHow to Watch VR Porn Blog Contact Improve VRPorn.com  InformationTerms of Service Privacy Policy DMCA/Copyright  18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance StatementPlease visit Epoch.com, our authorized sales agent  By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You can learn more about how we use cookies by reviewing our Privacy Policy. OK