Terms and conditions - My Baggage  My Baggage and mybaggage.com are the trading names of Uni Baggage LTD. Company Number 609325 with its registered office as 85 Sydenham Road, Belfast, BT3 9DJ.Telephone Number: 0333 444 0014.  1.1 By booking a collection with My Baggage you agree to My Baggage's terms and conditions outlined below as well as the couriers' terms and conditions.  1.2 My Baggage is a booking agent for national and international couriers and does not handle your shipments.  1.3 You agree that My Baggage may send your items with any one of its couriers. These couriers include but are not limited to Parcelforce Worldwide, DHL, DPD, UPS and FedEx.  1.4 Within the UK your item will be sent with the following couriers depending on which service you book, if for some reason we are unable to send with the allocated courier it will be sent on a courier with an equal or better service. If we are unable to source a suitable replacement courier, your shipment will be refunded in full.  Express 24Parcel Force1 - 2 Days  Express 48Parcel Force2 - 3 Days  Economy 48DPD1 - 3 Days  1.5 If sending your items in or out of the UK the courier will be DHL, DPD or FedEx.  1.6 Once a booking has been made, it cannot be altered once it has been processed and a tracking number issued.  2.1 Payments are made at the time of booking and can be paid with credit or debit card. Your card details will be processed and saved by a secure third-party. We do not have access to your card number. These details will be stored securely for up to 90 days to prevent fraud and to comply with government legislation. You can request your card details to be removed after 90 days by contacting us via our contact form.  2.2 Your package must not exceed the limits of the service booked, either in weight or size. If they do, you will be charged a £10 admin fee plus the additional cost to send the sizes/weight of your item, extra costs will be either as per our website rates or if not available courier imposed rates. This includes the actual weight and the volumetric weight. If your shipment is overweight/oversized it may be delayed, returned to you or you may have to collect the shipment from the courier’s local collection/delivery depot without refund.  2.3 Surcharges, fees or invoices for overweight or oversized shipments will be issued within 90 days of collection.  2.4 Any surcharges, fees or outstanding invoices must be paid within 14 days of receipt. We will charge your default saved payment card to avoid extra fees if you do not pay the invoice or query the outstanding invoice within 14 days.  2.5 If any surcharges, fees or outstanding invoices are not paid within 14 days an admin fee of £10 will be levied plus an additional 5% interest above the Bank of England base rate per month.  2.6 Refunds for cancellations will only be offered for Super Flexi bookings (minus the charge for Super Flexi). A credit may be offered for the shipping costs if you have chosen a Standard or Flexi booking.  2.7 For Flexi or Super Flexi bookings a maximum of 2 edits can be made to the booking. An edit is a change of address details or change of collection date. We must receive your changes at the latest 4 pm the day before the collection date. We may not be able to make any edit requests after this time. You can edit your booking by clicking edit in the My Orders section of the website. We will confirm your changes via email within our office hours. We are unable to remove items from your booking.  2.8 Any refunds will be made back to the original source. These sources are credit/debit cards. We cannot refund to another source.  2.9 Any credits added to your account are promotional and have no value.  2.10 Using the referral system to create multiple accounts is considered an abuse of the system and is prohibited. Any credits acquired this way will be removed and the full order price charged to any orders. Post Codes are automatically checked again referral accounts. You cannot use the same collection and delivery address under multiple accounts using referral credits.  2.11 You can use promotional credits towards new orders or cash out if you meet the minimum requirement. Payment is made via PayPal only.  2.12 Referrals should be used to refer friends, family and only people you know.  2.13 You must not use referral to target My Baggage brand searches or existing customers.  2.14 You must not abuse the referral system in terms of spam, or in any negative manner.  2.15 All or partial credits may be removed from accounts at any time and for any reason that My Baggage sees fit.  You can check the sizes of your items here.  *If sending your item/s in or out of the UK with DHL you can exceed the size and weight restrictions. Please enter your correct size and weight during booking and the price will update to reflect your size and weight.  3.1 Collections can take place between 8.00 and 19.00 Monday to Friday. You agree that you will make the item available for collection between these times on your collection date. Deliveries will take place between 8.00 ­ 19.00 on your delivery date. Most collections and deliveries take places between 9.00 – 18.00.  3.2 Collections are not guaranteed and any collections that that fail are not automatically rebooked and you must contact us to arrange another collection.  3.3 If your shipment contains items from the prohibited list, it may be delayed, returned to you or you may have to collect the shipment from the courier’s local collection/delivery depot.  3.4 Items should only be sent in strong cardboard boxes or suitcases. If you use other packaging your item may be refused carriage and any damage caused to your items will not be covered by the compensation cover. Please do not send your items in plastic storage boxes, plastic bags or weak crisp style boxes.  3.5 You agree to the couriers' terms and conditions: Parcel Force, DHL, DPD, UPS and Fedex.  3.6 My Baggage provides a 24hr and 48hr express service to within the UK. For international services, please see the quoted estimated transit times on our website or contact us for these. My Baggage’s couriers have a 97% on-time delivery success rate. The service is not guaranteed and should not be used for time-sensitive items. N.I., Scottish Highlands and Islands will usually receive their package within 2 working days, however, it can take up to 3/4 working days for remote locations. Items are not delivered or collected on weekends or bank holidays. My Baggage is not liable for any delays caused to your items. We cannot guarantee a specific delivery date or time.  3.7 It is your responsibility to ensure the provided labels are attached securely, if you do not attach your labels securely you are not entitled to claim compensation if your item is delayed or lost. Securely is defined as using a strong double walled cardboard box or suitcase and attaching 2 labels to different sides of your item and if using a suitcase not using tape alone to secure your labels. You are required to print the provided labels.  3.8 You must be present for collection and delivery, if you miss your collection no refunds will be offered. If your item is being collected and delivered within the UK, you may leave your package in a safe place with a signed note in clear view stating where the package is and that it is for collection. If you are sending outside the UK someone must hand the item to the driver​. If you miss the delivery packages can be rearranged for delivery or collected from a local depot.  3.9 My Baggage's couriers will not collect from individual rooms in halls of residence. Items will be collected from the reception or post room. Ask your University where this is.  3.10 My Baggage is not liable for any delay, loss or damage that may occur to your package. It is the couriers' responsibility to ensure your package is collected, handled and delivered with due care. If you have experienced a problem with your collection or delivery, please contact the relevant courier or My Baggage directly. If your package has unfortunately been damaged, please email My Baggage as soon as possible.  3.11 For shipments where customs are required shipments will be sent on a DAP basis. It is the customer's responsibility to complete, print and attach your customs documents. Customs forms will be available in the My Orders section after booking. It is the customers' responsibility to ensure these are completed before the chosen collection date. If the customs documents are not completed or attached, the collection may be refused or delayed.  3.12 My Baggage has no direct link or association with any customs authorities and has no control over their decisions or requirements. Some countries may require separate clearance procedures such as through third party broker, My Baggage will not be liable for any delays or charges due to extra customs requirements. My Baggage will not be liable for any loss/damage for shipments or contents removed or disposed of by customs.  3.13 My Baggage is not liable for any customs charges. These may be but are not limited to: clearance fees, taxes, multiline or storage charges. My Baggage is not liable for delays imposed on your shipment. It is the receiver's responsibility to pay any duties, not My Baggage. If the receiver does not pay taxes or duties, customs authorities may hold, return or dispose of a shipment.  3.14 Shipments must be unlocked. My Baggage is not liable for damage to locks or packaging if a shipment is required to be opened or inspected by customs or security authorities.  Claims for damage or compensation  4.1 If you purchase compensation cover from My Baggage you agree to the My Baggage compensation covers terms and conditions.  4.2 Compensation claims must be made within 14 days to My Baggage. Should you need to make a claim please contact My Baggage within 14 days of your item(s) collection date and we will make the claim on your behalf with the courier. ​Claims after this time will not be processed. Do not send your claim directly to the courier as it will be refused. Approved claims must be accepted within 7 days. When a claim has been paid out My Baggage LTD is no longer liable for the loss or damage associated with the booking.  4.3 Certain items can be sent with My Baggage but only on a non compensation ​basis. Please read the prohibited and non compensation items.  4.4 Fragile or breakable items should not be sent on any of our services.  4.5 My Baggage cannot compensate for additional expenses, purchases or loss of income due to the non collection or delay of an item.  4.6 If your item is delivered 3 working days or later than the expected delivery day My Baggage may offer partial refunds up to a maximum of 50%. This is not applicable for delays in customs, labels falling off or due to adverse conditions such as border restrictions, high volume periods or weather conditions. Delivery dates are expected dates and not guaranteed.  4.7 No refunds will be offered for any shipments that contain prohibited items.  4.8 Each consignment booked through My Baggage has compensation cover against damage and loss, each courier provides inclusive cover with the amount listed below. You can extend your cover with My Baggage up to the maximum cover. Compensation cover is per consignment and not per item.  4.9 If you do not take out any additional cover you agree that the items you are sending are not worth more than the inclusive cover or accept sole responsibility of any additional costs or loss if your items are damaged or lost.  4.10 Inclusive cover is provided by the courier and is in no way related to any cover My Baggage may provide. My Baggage is not responsible for any decision that the courier makes in relation to any claims.  4.11 Cover purchased above the inclusive cover is provided by My Baggage and is covered by its own terms and conditions.  4.12 Cover purchased for items on our prohibited and non compensation list cannot be refunded. It is the customer's responsibility to check this list before completing an order.  4.13 Packaging (suitcase, cardboard box, etc...) is not covered by compensation cover. If you send your item in a suitcase, please tape over all handles and remove any straps to help prevent any damage. Please see details about packaging here.  4.14 Compensation cover is not new for old. We only pay up to 50% of an items value if it is more than 6 months old.  4.15 If you purchase compensation cover from My Baggage the courier is still responsible for the cover they provide and this is not cancelled by purchasing compensation cover from My Baggage.  4.16 Price Promise/Match: We will aim to match the same service for any online luggage shipping company offering the same customer service levels including but not limited to: phone, email and live chat support. We will aim to match the service based on delivery speed, compensation cover, courier, collection and delivery options. Price promise is valid once per routes, per customer.  4.17 My Baggage reserves the right to change the terms and conditions at any time.  If you use the Express 24 service your items will be delivered in 1 - 2 working day*.  If you use the Express 48 service your items will be delivered in 2 - 3 working days*.  If you use the Economy 48 service your items will be delivered in 1 - 3 working days*.  If you use our International services your items will be delivered as per the displayed transit times when booking*.  *A working day is Monday to Friday, excluding Public Holidays. These times are not guaranteed.  During busy periods there can be delays due to the volume of items being sent, please allow an extra 1 - 2 working days for delivery and please check your tracking.  Remote locations can take an extra 1 - 2 working days.  This privacy policy sets out how My Baggage LTD uses and protects any information that you give My Baggage LTD when you use this website. My Baggage LTD is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.  My Baggage LTD may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes, we will email you if it is updated. This policy is effective from 01/01/2012.  We may collect the following information:  Contact information including email address and phone number  Demographic information such as postcode, collection and delivery address, IP address, preferences and interests  Other information relevant to processing your order  What we do with the information we gather  We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:  We may use the information to improve our products and services.  To provide you with order confirmation details and tracking information for your shipment.  To contact you regarding any issues with your order.  We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. You can unsubscribe at any time at the bottom of all emails. This will not affect your transactional emails for orders and tracking. You can update the emails you get for tracking information from the My Details section of the website.  We may contact you by email, phone or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.  From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes or ask for your feedback on our services.  We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.  A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.  Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.  We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission, it is required to process your order or is required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.  We only share the necessarily information (name, phone number and address) to the collection/delivery courier so they are able to collect and deliver your shipment without issue. We may also share your name and address with the payment processor in order to make successful payments for your orders.  You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998 and the GDPR effective 25th May 2018. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email info@mybaggage.com or write to:  If emailing us to request this information you will need to use the email you used to book your order with and we will need to confirm your identity before releasing any information.  If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.  You can request information we hold about you and your orders to be removed/deleted once your shipment has been delivered and there are no outstanding charges with My Baggage, the couriers or any government agencies, we allow a period of 90 days to insure all items have been delivered and there are no charges due. Please email us using the email you booked with to request the information we hold on file and you can then request for all or sections of the information to be removed after a period of 90 days.  We do not use personal data to make automated decisions.  We request information from you in order to process your order effectively, we are unable to place any orders without the information we outlined above including put not limited to your name, address, phone number and email address. We are unable to accept orders without this information.  Last Updated: 6th December 2019  How To Move To America  How To Move To Australia  Rated 4.7 out of 5 from 14509 reviews  ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐  Company #:609325 | VAT #:138312625 