বৃহস্পতিবার, ১২ আগস্ট ২০২১ Loginসংস্করণ:বাংলাবাংলাEnglishউত্তর আমেরিকাসর্বশেষবিশেষ সংবাদরাজনীতিকরোনাভাইরাসবাংলাদেশবিশ্ববাণিজ্যমতামতখেলাবিনোদনচাকরিলাইফস্টাইল  By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy.OK  Prothom Alo is committed to protecting your personal information when you are using any of the websites or applications from Prothom Alo. This Privacy Policy relates to use of any personal information that it collects from visitors/readers via following, among other, services:  any Prothom Alo website that links to this privacy policy;  social media or official Prothom Alo content on other websites;  mobile and web applications (“Apps”)  In all the above services, the “Privacy Policy” shall apply only when the application, website or contents therein are truly & genuinely generated by Prothom Alo. Provided that, no application, website or contents therein are generated or presented at any false or fake website, page or group in the name( or with false logo) of Prothom alo, won’t get this protection.  Prothom Alo collects or receives information about its users for many purposes; for instance, to provide services designed to serve the user, to monitor and improve the services offerings, for marketing or targeting advertisement etc. Such information may include your name, address, phone number, email address, age, social network account etc. (“the Information”).  There may be other privacy policies that apply to certain services provided by Prothom Alo. Visitors are requested to read these while registering or subscribing to these services on these sites. Prothom Alo respects the privacy of its visitors/readers and makes use of its best effort to ensure that the information collected is used for the limited purpose for which it was received.  There lies, in the name of Prothom Alo/প্রথম আলো’, multiple fake websites and facebook pages and unauthorized/ unwanted facebook groups in online. Prothom Alo shall hold no responsibility for any content generated, published or shared in those fake websites, unauthorized pages & groups in social media.  How Prothom Alo collects the information  Prothom Alo collects the information on a user upon the user’s access to the Prothom Alo website – (i) by registering to the site or Apps, (ii) subscribing to the newsletter, (iii) responding to a survey or participating in a competition, (iv) logging-in to a site or page, etc.  Prothom Alo does not sell, trade or otherwise provide personally identifiable information to any other parties except for those that assist Prothom Alo in operating its website, conducting the business and serving the users. It may share visitor’s/reader’s personal information internally to understand the user base, promote the number of users and increase user engagement.  In the event that Prothom Alo desires to use personal information in a different way than that described above it shall seek consent of the individual. Prothom Alo may release personally identifiable information if it is required to comply with the laws of Bangladesh.  Notwithstanding anything contained in this Privacy Policy, Prothom Alo may disclose or share information collected including personal information to service providers, affiliate companies, consultants or advisors or Partners that it has engaged to perform business related functions on its behalf. Prothom Alo may also share the information in response to legal process, or protect its interest in any forum. The information may be used for investigating or preventing potentially illegal activities, or situations involving potential threats to any person, us, or the services, or violations of our policies, the law or our “Terms of Use” as well as to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Services. The information may as well be shared to offer market products or services to the visitors/readers. However, in all these events or any other event when a personal information is shared or disclosed, Prothom Alo shall use its best endeavors to control the share or disclosure and shall only share to such extent as it is required to meet the purpose.  We shall hold visitors/readers personal information if your account exists with Prothom Alo. Notwithstanding, Prothom Alo may retain data for a further period as per its own internal data retention policy. Visitor’s/reader’s personal information shall be deleted upon expiry of your Prothom Alo account. Please note that there may be events when the erasing/deleting of information may take more time than usual, and Prothom Alo shall not hold any responsibility in such events.  The advertisements included in the Prothom Alo website and Apps, are by third-party companies & ad networks through independent ad tags, which may collect information about users for which Prothom Alo shall bear no responsibility that may arise as a result of collecting and/or sharing the information with any other party.  Prothom Alo shall not accept any liability that may arise as a result of any content of any advertisement that may appear on the Prothom Alo website.  Third Party Advertisements and links  At the discretion of Prothom Alo, the website or application may display or allow advertisements of third party services or products. These third-party sites may have separate and independent privacy policies. Prothom Alo accepts no responsibility or liability for the content of advertising material, including, without limitation, any error, omission or inaccuracy therein..  Prothom Alo does not hold any responsibility for information leakage due to the visitor/reader accessing a separate link, application or website, whether through a link in the website or contents of Prothom Alo.  Prothom Alo does not collect any user data based on cookies, nor does it store any sort of user information that may be personal to the user.  If a third party associated with the Prothom Alo website collects user cookies upon your visit to the Prothom Alo website, Prothom Alo does not control the use of these cookies therefore you should check the relevant third-party website.  We may reference other sources of demographic and other information to provide you with more targeted communications and promotions. We use Google Analytics, among others, to track the user behavior on our website. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings options provided by Google.  From time to time, Prothom Alo may contact its users via e-mail, phone or SMS for invitation for participation in campaigns/competitions organized by Prothom Alo, feedback, survey etc, based on the information it has received from the users.  Accessing the website from outside Bangladesh  All personal information submitted by users outside Bangladesh will be processed in accordance with these  The laws that govern “Privacy Policy” of Prothom Alo and its relationship with the user is the laws of Bangladesh and any dispute regarding the use, retention, disclosure, leakage or dissemination of the information or date can only be raised before the courts of Bangladesh which shall have exclusive jurisdiction on this matter. The entire “Privacy Policy” shall apply to all who enter the website, receive service or use an application from Prothom Alo regardless of their nationality, location, residence or place of business.  Prothom Alo reserves the right to amend, modify, alter, or omit any terms in the “Privacy Policy” at any time but the changed policy shall be immediately uploaded or updated in the website. By continuing to use our services after any changes are made, you accept those changes and will be bound by them. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that visitors/readers will always know what information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we share it.  If, at any time, the users prefer not to receive email containing marketing information from us, then the user can simply follow the unsubscribe options at the bottom of each email.  If the users no longer wish to have a registered account, the user may terminate the account by sending an email to info@prothomalo.com.  সংস্করণবাংলাEnglishউত্তর আমেরিকাবিশেষ সংখ্যাগোলটেবিলঅন্য আলোকিশোর আলোবিজ্ঞানচিন্তাপ্রতিচিন্তাপ্রথমাবন্ধুসভাপ্রথম আলো ট্রাস্টএবিসি রেডিওমোবাইল ভ্যাসনাগরিক সংবাদপ্রথম আলোবিজ্ঞাপনসার্কুলেশননীতিমালাগোপনীয়তা নীতিযোগাযোগআমাদের সঙ্গে থাকুনমোবাইল অ্যাপস ডাউনলোড করুনAndroid app onGoogle PlayAvailable on theApp Storeস্বত্ব © ২০২১ প্রথম আলোসম্পাদক ও প্রকাশক: মতিউর রহমান