Hello, Guest! A huge thanks to everyone who has submitted their predictions for Last Man Standing so far. This is now OFFICIALLY the LMS with the most entries to date. There is still time to enter, but not long, so if you want to give this incredible caf contest a go and haven't submitted a prediction, this is your last chance. We would love to see you play.Submissions will be open for the next 1 day, 6 minutes, 14 seconds, and will close on Aug 13, 2021 at 20:00.  In the latest episode of the United Hour podcast, Nik, Ed and Raees discuss the Everton pre-season game. There is a tactical analysis of the incoming Varane and the lads stress the importance of a fast league start. There is also an examination of midfield with the chaps wondering who is going to start our first game as they wax lyrical about our attacking riches. Finally, the trio ponder the (eternal?) quest to unearth the ideal CDM, wonder if we can mount a title challenge culminating with a look forward to the Roses rivalry - Leeds! Enjoy the show!  JavaScript is disabled. For a better experience, please enable JavaScript in your browser before proceeding.  We are RedCafe.net ("we", "our", "us"). We’re committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. If you have questions about your personal information please contact us.  What information we hold about you  The type of data that we collect and process includes:  Further data may be collected if you choose to share it, such as if you fill out fields on your profile.  We collect some or all of this information in the following cases:  You register as a member on this site.  You fill out our contact form.  You browse this site. See "Cookie policy" below.  You fill out fields on your profile.  How your personal information is used  We may use your personal information in the following ways:  For the purposes of making you a registered member of our site, in order for you to contribute content to this site.  We may use your email address to inform you of activity on our site.  Your IP address is recorded when you perform certain actions on our site. Your IP address is never publicly visible.  Other ways we may use your personal information.  In addition to notifying you of activity on our site which may be relevant to you, from time to time we may wish to communicate with all members any important information such as newsletters or announcements by email. You can opt-in to or opt-out of such emails in your profile.  We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in the course of your interaction with our site. This information may include technical information about the browser or type of device you're using. This information will be used purely for the purposes of analytics and tracking the number of visitors to our site.  We run advertisements on this website through a number of partners. You can read the individual privacy policies of each of these partners below:  Some advertisments will feature personalised content based on your browsing history. If you would rather not receive personalised ads please visit the NAI opt-out and DAA opt-out pages.  We are committed to ensuring that any information you provide to us is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable measures and procedures to safeguard and secure the information that we collect.  Cookies are small text files which are set by us on your computer which allow us to provide certain functionality on our site, such as being able to log in, or remembering certain preferences.  We have a detailed cookie policy and more information about the cookies that we set on this page.  You have a right to access the personal data we hold about you or obtain a copy of it. To do so please contact us. If you believe that the information we hold for you is incomplete or inaccurate, you may contact us to ask us to complete or correct that information.  You also have the right to request the erasure of your personal data. Please contact us if you would like us to remove your personal data.  Continued use of our site signifies your acceptance of this policy. If you do not accept the policy then please do not use this site. When registering we will further request your explicit acceptance of the privacy policy.  We may make changes to this policy at any time. You may be asked to review and re-accept the information in this policy if it changes in the future.  Forum software by XenForo® © 2010-2020 XenForo Ltd.