Free UK Delivery when you spend £30*  ORDER BY 3PM (Mon-Fri) FOR NEXT DAY DELIVERY SERVICES  NEWSLETTER SIGN UPSign Up Now for Exclusive Offers!  6 Boxer Shorts for £22  Clearance Polo Shirts Under £9  10 Women's Knickers for £25  From £9.99 - Women's Underwear  3 For £25 - Women's T-Shirts  Mens - 6 FOR £22 Boxer Shorts  Mens - 5 Pack Boxers  Shop All Shop By Size:**  10 Women's Knickers for £25  Shop All Shop By Size:**  Boys - 3 Pack Boxers for £7.99  Shop All Shop By Size:**  Mens Boxer Shorts - 6 for £22  10 Women's Knickers for £25  Boys 3 Pack Boxers - £7.99!  6 FOR £22 - Men's Boxer Shorts  10 Women's Knickers for £25  3 FOR £25 - Women's T-Shirts  Clearance Polo Shirts Under £9  Jackets / Coats From £29.99  Up to 50% OFF Womenswear  6 FOR £22 - Men's Boxers  Men's Multi-Packs - From £12.99  3 Pack Boys Underwear - Only £7.99  Shop All SHOP BY SIZE:**  Boy's Boxers - Only £7.99!  FREE UK DELIVERY ON ORDERS OVER £30  50% OFF EVERYTHING - Ends In  Tokyo Laundry is committed to protecting the privacy and security of our customers and site visitors. The team at Tokyo Laundry are customers themselves so we totally respect and appreciate the importance of privacy on the internet. We do not sell, trade or rent any of your personal data to any third party. However we do share information about our customers to third parties where it is part of providing a service to you – For example when arranging for our products to be sent to you, carrying out fraud prevention and other security checks and for the purposes of customer research and profiling or where we have your express permission to do so.  We store the information that you have provided when contacting us, registering or when placing an order to allow us to process your orders and for marketing purposes. We may contact you from time to time with offers and other information that may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to be contacted in this way, you can unsubscribe at any time (by clicking the link at the bottom of our emails) . If you need help unsubscribing from our mailing list please contact customer services.  Your information will be held by Etail Solutions Ltd t/a Tokyo Laundry. Our address is: Tokyo Laundry, Unit 14 Park Seventeen, Whitefield, M45 8FJ  We reserve the right to amend these Terms from time to time.  How we use your personal information  Here is a list of all the ways that we may use your personal information and why we do it -  What we use your personal information for  Taking payments and issuing refunds  We need to do this to perform our contract with you. This involves the passing of personal information to our payment service providers who in turn communicate with financial institutions in order to approve and process payment requests. This information is fully encrypted to ensure that it is secure to the highest possible degree.  Delivering your orders and updating you on the status of deliveries  In order to deliver our orders safely and securely we need to pass personal information such as email addresses, names, addresses and telephone numbers to our delivery partners and carriers.  Marketing is essential so that we can maintain and grow our business and deliver the best possible experience to our customers. Without certain types of personal data we would not be able to run our marketing activity.  We need to do this to perform our contract with you. Our Customer Services teams use personal information such as names, addresses and contact details in order to carry out their duties.  To prevent and detect fraud against either you or us, we must use fraud screening tools which analyse all payments to detect for potential fraudulent activity. This requires certain elements of personal data.  Where we collect personal information from  • When you purchase our products. For example we ask for your name, date of birth, telephone number, home address, delivery address, email address and credit card and other payment details.  • When you use our website • When you talk to us via email, phone or live chat  • In customer feedback and surveys • If you take part in our competitions or promotions.  Information we collect when you use our website.  • Payment and transaction details  • Profile and usage data. This includes the profile you create to identify yourself when you connect to our websites. It also includes other data about how you use those services. We gather this data from devices you use to connect to those services, such as computers and mobile phones, using cookies and other internet tracking software.  Information we collect from other sources  • Companies that introduce you to us.  • Social media • Fraud prevention agencies. • Referral and Loyalty scheme operators.  Who we share your personal information with  We do not sell, trade or rent any of your personal data to any third party. However we do share information about our customers to third parties where it is part of providing a service to you such as -  • Payment service providers so that we can complete payments made through our website.  • Delivery and order fulfilment partners to ensure orders are delivered to the right place and on time.  • Fraud prevention agencies so we can help tackle fraud  • Professional service providers such as marketing agencies, advertising partners and website platform partnerswho help run and operate our business  • Analytics platforms to enable us to understand how people visit and interact with our websites.  Why are we allowed to handle and store your personal information?  We are allowed to collect and process your personal information for a number of legal reasons:  If you visit our site and are not an existing customer or enter a promotion such as one of our competitions, we might ask for your consent to process your personal information so that we can send you our special offers and news.  We would primarily rely on this justification when you purchase our products as it is necessary for us to process your personal information to fulfil your order and send our products to you.  We may be legally required to collect and process your data e.g. to pass it on to the police if criminal activity is suspected.  We may use your personal information if it is necessary for us to do so to help run our business such as to send you product recommendations with the aim of trying to improve your customer experience. We will only use your personal information in these instances, where doing so does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.  We may use your personal information to tell you about relevant products and offers. This is what we mean when we talk about ‘marketing’. The personal information we have for you is made up of what you tell us, and data we collect when you use our services, or from third parties we work with. We study this to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you. We can only use your personal information to send you marketing messages if we have either your consent or a ‘legitimate interest’. That is when we have a business or commercial reason to use your information. It must not unfairly go against what is right and best for you.  How to stop marketing messages from Tokyo Laundry  You can stop receiving marketing messages from us at any time.  By clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email  By contacting our Customer Services team  Once you do this, we will update your profile to ensure that you don’t receive further marketing messages.  Please note that it might take a few days for all our systems to be updated, so you might get messages from us while we process your request.  Stopping marketing messages will not stop service communications (such as order and delivery updates or other important notifications that we believe we have a legitimate interest in informing you of).  We may ask you to confirm or update your preferences - we will also ask you to do this if there are changes in the law, regulation, or the structure of our business.  By interacting with us on Social Media (including without limitation joining or following our official Tokyo Laundry Facebook, Twitter and/ or Instagram Pages, “liking”, “retweeting”, writing a comment) you are consenting to our interaction with you on Social Media and the processing of your information accessed. If your interaction with us on Social Media involves you submitting a photo or video (Your Image) you thereby consent to us using Your Image for the purposes described on the relevant Social Media page and grant us a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free license to use Your Image and contributions for the purposes of promoting, advertising and endorsing Tokyo Laundry’s goods and services, including without limitation for the purposes of your participation in any promotional activity for the same.  Please let us know if at any time you wish us to stop interacting with you on the Social Media or using any of your information on Social Media by contacting us at the details set out below.  Where We Store Your Personal Information  The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers or business partners. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your Order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support and associated services. Our suppliers and business partners may also transfer, store, use and otherwise process your information outside the EEA for the purpose of fulfilling their obligations to you and to provide you with information, goods and services. By using the Sites, Stores, Social Media and submitting your information during the purchase of Items or participation in competitions and other promotions, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing inside and outside the EEA as stated above. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this policy.  Whilst we employ the highest level of security across our website, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. We will always do our best to protect your personal data once we receive it however we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.  We’ll hold on to your information for as long as you have your account, or as long as is needed to be able to provide the services to you.  We may also keep hold of some of your information as required, even after you have closed your account or it is no longer needed to provide the services to you, if reasonably necessary or required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions,  You have a lot of rights relating to your personal information including:  The right to be informed about how your personal information is being used (like we’re explaining in this policy)  The right to access the personal information we hold about you  The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you (although you can probably do most of this through My Account)  The right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances  The right to stop direct marketing messages, which you can do by clicking on the unsubscribe link in your marketing emails and by contacting our customer services team, and to withdraw consent for other consent-based processing at any time  If you want to object to how we use your data, or ask us to delete it or restrict how we use it or, please contact us  We use cookies on our website. Please see our cookie notice for more information  Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions about this notice, want to exercise any of your rights as set out above, would like us to stop using your information or have a complaint.  This privacy policy was last updated on 27/07/2021  Get special offers and stay in the know 