Privacy Notice-Club and League Admin  England and Wales Cricket Board  Privacy Notice – Play-Cricket Administrators  The England and Wales Cricket Board Limited (ECB) is the national governing body for cricket and is also the Local Organising Committee for the ICC Cricket World Cup 2019 (CWC2019), the operator of the New Tournament, runs We Are England Cricket Supporters and operates numerous programmes to support recreational cricket.  Under new laws effective from 25th May 2018, we are required to provide you with certain details concerning how your personal data will be used and protected.  Full details of how we use and protect your personal data, as well as your rights in respect of it, are in our Privacy Policy which you can find by clicking here.  A summary of the key points is shown below.  The England & Wales Cricket Board Limited  England and Wales Cricket Board  Full nameAddressDate of birthContact numberEmail addressGenderTwitterPhotoAm I 16?Club name  The ECB will process your personal data for the purposes of:  To enable communication and matching by Club, Leagues, County Board and the ECB  Administering user profiles, fixtures and scoring  Direct marketing if you have consented to this  Profiling for marketing and insight purposes  Who we will disclose your personal data to  County Cricket Boards Play-Cricket administrators  Club and League Play-Cricket administrators  Legal basis for processing your personal data  The legal basis for the collection and processing of your personal data is:  Administration and identification: that it is necessary to fulfil the contract that you are going to enter into or have entered into with us  direct marketing – which may include profiling for the purposes of direct marketing: that you have given your consent  in all other cases: that it is necessary for our legitimate interests which are to build a programme to encourage participation in cricket and does not prejudice or harm your rights and freedoms  Your right to withdraw consent  You have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. If you do, it will not affect the lawfulness of any processing for which we had consent prior to your withdrawing it.  We hope you would like to hear from us from time to time by and that you will allow us to use your personal data for direct marketing and to tailor our marketing communications to suit what we think you will find interesting and relevant (profiling).You can choose the information you receive by selecting your preferences on sign up. You can change your mind at any time.  Location of your personal data  Scorer App data may be hosted in and supported from Australia and we use Standard Contractual Clauses to protect this.  Pro Scorer App data may be hosted in and supported from New Zealand which the EU has designated as a suitable data processing location without the need for Standard Contractual Clauses.  In all other cases, we will normally keep your personal data within the United Kingdom or European Economic Area, however technical support for some features may be provided from outside the EU. Where this is the case, we will ensure the legally required safeguards are in place.  How long we will keep your personal data for  Your personal data will be retained in the ECB Play-Cricket system for 2 years following your last interaction with us.  Your rights in respect of your personal data  You have the right of access to your personal data and, in some cases, to require us to restrict, erase or rectify it or to object to our processing it, and the right of data portability.  If you have any concerns or complaints about how we are handling your data please do not hesitate to get in touch by emailing us at privacy@ecb.co.uk or by calling 020 7432 1200.  You can also contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.  England and Wales Cricket Board  Privacy Notice – Play-Cricket Players  The England and Wales Cricket Board Limited (ECB) is the national governing body for cricket and is also the Local Organising Committee for the ICC Cricket World Cup 2019 (CWC2019), the operator of the New Tournament, runs We Are England Cricket Supporters and operates numerous programmes to support recreational cricket.  Under new laws effective from 25th May 2018, we are required to provide you with certain details concerning how your personal data will be used and protected.  Full details of how we use and protect your personal data, as well as your rights in respect of it, are in our Privacy Policy which you can find by clicking here.  A summary of the key points is shown below.  The England & Wales Cricket Board Limited  England and Wales Cricket Board  Full nameFull name of parent/legal guardian if applicableEmail address of parent/legal guardian if applicableAddressDate of birthContact numberEmail addressGenderBatting styleTwitterPhotoAm I 16?Club nameVisa status (if applicable)Nationality (if applicable)Date of last entry to the UK (if applicable)  YouFor children under 16, the parent/legal guardian registering you to Play-CricketYour County Cricket Board, Club or LeagueClub and League Play-Cricket administrators  The ECB will process your personal data for the purposes of:  To enable communication and matching by Club, Leagues, County Board and the ECB  Administering user profiles, fixtures and scoring  Direct marketing if you have consented to this  Profiling for marketing and insight purposes  Where you are under 16, the ECB may process the personal data of your parent / legal guardian for the purposes of:  Obtaining consent for you to be a Play-Cricket User  Selecting consent options and obtaining required consents  Who we will disclose your personal data to  County Cricket Boards Play-Cricket administrators  Club and League Play-Cricket administrators  For children under 16, your parent / legal guardian  Legal basis for processing your personal data  The legal basis for the collection and processing of your personal data is:  Administration, identification and, where applicable, obtaining parental consent: that it is necessary to fulfil the contract that you are going to enter into or have entered into with us  direct marketing – which may include profiling for the purposes of direct marketing: that you have (or, for those under 13, your parent / legal guardian has) given your consent  visa information: to comply with Home Office obligations  in all other cases: that it is necessary for our legitimate interests which are to build a programme to encourage participation in cricket and does not prejudice or harm your rights and freedoms or, in those of parents / legal guardians of those under 13 that join the programme  Your right to withdraw consent  You have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. If you do, it will not affect the lawfulness of any processing for which we had consent prior to your withdrawing it.  We hope you would like to hear from us from time to time by and that you will allow us to use your personal data for direct marketing and to tailor our marketing communications to suit what we think you will find interesting and relevant (profiling).You can choose the information you receive by selecting your preferences on sign up. You can change your mind at any time.  Location of your personal data  Scorer App data may be hosted in and supported from Australia and we use Standard Contractual Clauses to protect this.  Pro Scorer App data may be hosted in and supported from New Zealand which the EU has designated as a suitable data processing location without the need for Standard Contractual Clauses.  In all other cases, we will normally keep your personal data within the United Kingdom or European Economic Area, however technical support for some features may be provided from outside the EU. Where this is the case, we will ensure the legally required safeguards are in place.  How long we will keep your personal data for  Your personal data will be retained in the ECB Play-Cricket system for 2 years following your last interaction with us.  Your rights in respect of your personal data  You have the right of access to your personal data and, in some cases, to require us to restrict, erase or rectify it or to object to our processing it, and the right of data portability.  If you have any concerns or complaints about how we are handling your data please do not hesitate to get in touch by emailing us at privacy@ecb.co.uk or by calling 020 7432 1200. You can also contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.  Search by KeywordSearch by KeywordSearch by KeywordSearch by Postcode  ©2021 Play-Cricket. All rights reserved. 