Privacy PolicyHypaShip is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.  Privacy Policy and General Terms of Use for this website  HypaShip is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.  We are registered in the United Kingdom as Dataplug Ltd (company number 7879293) and have our registered office address as First Floor, Deer Park House, Network Point, Witney OX29 0YN (as is our main place of business). Our VAT number is GB 127663600.  This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us and also how you may use our website and information. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.  If you become a customer then you will need to agree to separate terms and conditions of use for our services and you will need to create an account on our website. Your privacy and data protection rights as a customer will be dealt with in those separate terms.  Under data protection legislation the data controller is Dataplug Ltd.  Information we may collect from you  If you are a casual visitor to our website then we will not collect any personal information about you except for the temporary use of cookies or other identifiers which are needed for the proper functioning of our website.  Where you have set your preferences in your browser for permitting or disallowing “cookies” then we will endeavour to honour that selection apart from where this would make our website inoperable and their use is temporary.  If you create an account or log into our website as a customer then we will:  • Log more detailed information about your use of website and our services for security purposes and to track any orders.  • Collect and use your personal details, including your name, address and other contact details; together with your payment/credit card information.  Any data that we collect about or from you will only be stored and processed in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and is hosted by AWS.  Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. You may not share your login details and password with anyone.  The transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data en route to us.  Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to guard against unauthorised access.  Uses made of any personal data  We use personal data in the following ways:  • To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.  • Your contact and payment details for administering your account and billing you.  • We will also provide your details to our payment processors for processing any payments.  • We may also provide your contact details and those of any intended recipients of any parcels to the relevant courier companies.  • To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.  • To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between us.  • To notify you about changes to our service.  As a customer, you will be subject to additional terms of use, not only of our website but our services.  This website is intended for your own personal use or, as a customer, for your business only.  If you agree to us sending you marketing communications, then we may do so, but you can request that we stop doing so at any time by contacting us https://www.hypaship.com/contact-us/.  You are entitled to ask us to delete any information we hold about you, including any account details.  Please note, though, that we may retain an archival copy of the details of any orders you place in case we have to deal with a query or there is a dispute (but only for so long as this is a possibility).  Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.  Please check these policies before you use those websites.  If you object to our processing of your personal data, then you may lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office https://ico.org.uk/concerns.  Changes to our privacy policy and terms of use  Any changes we may make to our privacy policy or terms of use in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail (if we have your details) or updated on our website.  If you continue to use our website and/or services then you will be deemed to have given consent to our amended privacy policy and/or terms.  Ownership of our website and data  We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.  All such rights are reserved.  You may print off one copy and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use or, as a customer, for your business.  You may not copy or use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics for any other purposes.  You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.  You may not re-use any information or materials contained on our website via any deep linking, framing or other techniques which disguise the source or change the appearance of that information or materials.  If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, then in addition to any other rights we may have your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.  The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site.  Any product or service information displayed on our website is for information purposes. We do not guarantee the accuracy of that information. If you need accurate information, then please contact us.  Please check with us to see if any products and services are still available as supply may be subject to availability or may have been withdrawn by our suppliers. Pricing information, where available, may be subject to change and can only be confirmed at the time of purchase.  Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up-to-date.  In particular, we are not responsible for the accuracy and completeness of carrier information provided to us.  We reserve the right to change any information (including prices) up to the point that any orders are actually confirmed by us.  Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed via https://www.hypaship.com/contact-us/.  To discuss how HypaShip can assist you, get in touch with one of our experts.  HypaShip, Deer Park House, Network Point,Witney, Oxfordshire OX29 0YN, UK 