Our privacy policy | Using your personal data | E.ON  Register for an online account  Part of the E.ON group, E.ON Next share our commitment to supplying customers with 100% renewable electricity at no extra cost, with a customer service standard to match.  Smart Pay As You Go  Book a smart meter appointment  Update on smart meter installations  We’re now ready to continue installing smart meters after making changes to our installation process.  We have developed a no contact installation process which all our technicians will follow, see our smart meter pages for more information.  Coronavirus update: Heating & boilers  We're still working hard to assist customers who need a new boiler. Please see our dedicated page to see how we're managing installations.  Coronavirus update: Solar and battery  We’re still open, we’ve just changed how we do things to keep you and our team safe. We can give you a quote over the phone for solar and storage; it takes about 30 minutes of your time. Get in touch if you’d like to find out more.  Find out more about solar  Give us a meter reading  Register for an online account  Get access to view your bills, give us your meter readings, check what tariffs we have available and much more when you register online.  Register for an online account  This statement explains how we collect, use, transfer and store your personal data.  We would encourage you to read this information  Our priority at E.ON is keeping your data secure and treating it with respect. We aim to handle your data fairly and lawfully at all times. We're also committed to being transparent about what we do. This statement explains how we collect, use, transfer and store your personal data. We know that there's a lot of information here, but it's important that you understand your rights as a customer. We’ve tried to make it as easy as possible to navigate through by including headings you can click on,  which then expand to show more information.  It’s likely that we'll update this notice from time to time in order to reflect changes in the law and/or to our privacy practices, but we'll notify you of any significant changes. Our website will always show the most up to date version. You can request a paper copy, including large print or braille, by contacting us. This policy was last updated on 3 August 2021.  This policy explains how and why we process your data. If you have a specific product or service from us, listed in the product and services section. We've also provided more information as to how we may use your data and the reasons why (click on the relevant topic). This supplements the information given in an attempt to be as transparent as possible, it doesn’t replace anything in this or other privacy policies which may be applicable to the service or product you have.  Who is responsible for your data  E.ON is the 'Data Controller' for your personal data. This means we have legal responsibility for how we collect and handle your data.  We refer to 'E.ON' in this statement. This means E.ON UK plc, and the companies owned by E.ON UK plc who provide energy and related products and services. E.ON UK plc is part of the E.ON group, one of the world's largest power and gas companies.  The address and registered office of E.ON is Westwood Way, Westwood Business Park, Coventry, CV4 8LG.  In 2019, E.ON’s parent company acquired a majority shareholding in Innogy SE who are the parent company of the Npower group and its subsidiaries in the UK.  This policy also applies to Npower Commercial Gas Limited  (3768856) customers’ data.  As our products and services may be provided to you by different companies within our group, it may be that your personal information is passed to the relevant group company or companies. You can find out more about E.ON on our website or about npower on the npower website.  This policy also applies to 'Sainsbury's Energy' customers who are now supplied by E.ON Next Ltd (3782443) under a white label agreement.  How can you contact us  We can be contacted at our contact us page.  If you’d like to express one of your rights please email CustomerRightTeam@eonenergy.com  Who does this statement apply to  Individuals, sole traders, partnerships and companies (to the extent that the relevant company provides us with any personal data - for example employee names and email addresses);  People we wish to promote products and services to;  People who contact us on social media;  People who visit our website;  People who have responsibility for managing, or being a point of contact, for another person’s account.  Your personal data - what information we collect  Data we process about you includes:  Personal data: Such as your name, address, date of birth, and other contact details such as your email address and telephone number.  Vulnerability information: Such as health or disability issues. Having this data helps us provide you with the right services for you and to ensure your safety.  Financial information: Such as your payment details and financial circumstances. We need your bank details if you want to pay by Direct Debit. If you have difficulty paying our bills, providing details of your circumstances helps us work with you to resolve this.  Information about your supply: Such as your meter reference numbers and meter type. This ensures we are linking you with the right meter and helps to keep industry databases accurate.  Energy you use: Such as your energy use and property occupation dates. If you have a smart meter, we will take consumption data directly from your meter. You have a contractual obligation to provide us with details of your energy usage, as we need this to send you accurate bills. If we have to estimate your bills, you may not be paying the right amount for your energy.  Records of conversations/interactions with us: Such as records of your discussions with our customer support teams, including call recordings, webchat and emails for training and monitoring purposes. When you share comments and opinions with us, ask us questions or make a complaint we may keep a record of this. This includes when you send us emails, phone our support team or contact us via webchat or through social media such as through Twitter or on Facebook. Some of our staff may also wear body worn video equipment.  Marketing preferences: We will record your advertising and marketing preferences including any requests for these communications to stop.  Exercising your rights: If you exercise any of your statutory rights under data protection law, we will keep a record of this and how we respond.  Device and machine information: Your smartphone or computer's IP address may tell us an approximate location when you connect to our website, but this will be no more precise than the city, state or country you are using your device in.  Lifestyle and demographic insight information: Information about how you use our services and other information about your demographic in order for us to offer you personalised energy products and services.  Company data: With regards to companies, data such as names, phone numbers and email addresses of representatives of your company.  Data we may collect from other people or organisations  Data such as your name and contact details may be provided to us by people moving in or out of a property you're occupying, or a landlord/estate agent.  Metering and debt information can come from other organisations involved in supplying your energy and other services, such as other energy suppliers, meter operators, third party collection agencies and Credit Reference Agencies  Energy brokers and comparison platforms like MoneySuperMarket will send us the details we need to contact you and set up an account for you.  Publicly-accessible data is available from sources such as the Land Registry, who can provide up to date information about properties we supply energy to.  Information such as additional contact details, home moving status and other information about your circumstances, including lifestyle and demographic data can be provided by councils, postal services, third party collection agencies and data brokers.  Information about energy saving installations can be provided by installers and managing agents.  Information about your use of home energy solutions can be provided to us by those companies who provide the service to you.  How we use your data - the legal basis and purposes  We can only use your personal information in compliance with data protection laws. Those laws require that where we use your personal information, we must have the required legal basis to do so.  Set out below are the different legal bases we use in E.ON as well as examples of the types of processing we carry out:  Legal basis for processing: Performance of a contract with you or in readiness for such a contract.  To assess your needs, provide you with a quotation and agree a contract with you.  To set up your account with us, secure energy availability, apply the correct pricing, process consumption data, calculate charges and send invoices.  To process payments, refunds and set up payment plans.  Where you have provided consent, we will rely on that to process your information for the purposes set out at the time that the request for consent was made.  You can change that consent at any time by contacting us.  If you have any vulnerabilities, we'll ask for your explicit consent before we add your details to our Priority Services Register and share with the relevant network operator. This enables us to take extra steps to ensure your safety and offer you additional services.  Promotion of products and services  We'd like to use your personal data to communicate with you by email, text, letter, telephone, social media and via our website  With your consent, we will tell you about products and services, promotions, tailored special offers and discounts that we think are likely to interest you.  If you’ve given us permission to send you marketing information, we will respect your choices as to how you would like to receive this.  We may send you letters or call you without your prior agreement when we have a legitimate interest in doing this- please refer to legitimate interest section.  Please see our smart metering information.  Legal basis for processing: Legal obligations  As an energy supplier we have various rules and obligations we must abide by. The majority of these are set out in our licence to operate which is regulated by the Office of Gas and Electricity Markets (Ofgem). There are numerous other regulatory and legal obligations that as a business we must follow.  Regulatory reporting is a legal requirement we have to do and will involve us processing your data for this purpose.  Managing your complaint or dispute will require us to process your information and in certain circumstances require us to share it with bodies like the ‘Energy Ombudsman’.  Our obligation to try and install a smart meter will require us to process your data for this purpose. Please refer to Smart section for more information on how we use your smart data.  Orders made by a Court, for example where we are ordered to disclose information to law enforcement agencies.  Legal basis for processing: Legitimate interest  Where we or someone else has a legitimate interest, we'll ensure that our interest has been balanced against your rights and freedoms as an individual.  We may want to use your details to contact you about your account, to discuss things such as unpaid bills or to check information relating to your energy supply.  We may want to pass your information to organisations we work with who deliver a service for us, such as third parties we contract with directly to help us deliver services such as take meter readings or print agencies. (see who we share your data with)  Advertising organisations including social media and entertainment service providers, which allows them to provide you with more relevant adverts.  For good governance, accounting, managing and auditing our business operations so that our business is effective and performs well.  Monitoring and recording our dealings with you, for example to prove you've agreed a contract with us, to help train our staff, or to help us give better service.  To manage our bad debt risk, including:  Taking legal action against you if you do not pay our bills, because we are entitled to try and enforce our rights,  Performing credit and anti-fraud checks to assess your application for credit and offer suitable payment terms.  Sharing data with the DWP to make an application for fuel direct payments to recover money that is owed to us.  Analysing your consumption so that we can offer you tariffs that suit your circumstances and give you tailored energy efficiency advice to help you save money.  Aggregating your consumption with similar properties in your area so we can provide an accurate comparison tool for you and other customers.  To develop, test and improve the products and services we provide. For example, lifestyle and demographic insight information to assess which of our products and services that may be of interest to you. This includes matching your data with data we obtain from other companies, for example, so that we do not advertise to you about a third party product or service that you already have.  To provide you with incentives or run a loyalty scheme, and to maintain our Refer a Friend Programme.  For research and insight purposes, to enable us to provide good customer service and how we might improve our products and services. In some circumstances we (or our partners) may use your contact details to ask you for your opinion of a service or interaction you have had with us to help us monitor and improve in the future.  For the prevention, detection and prosecution of fraud or other unlawful acts which could harm our business. We may use evidence collected using Body Worn Video on site visits.  Who we share your data with  There are various circumstances where we may need to share your data with other people or organisations. These are:  Our parent company and other companies in the E.ON Group and/or npower Group who may be involved in the provision of services to you.  Energy market administrators such as Xoserve for gas, ECOES for electricity and the Meter Point Administration Service, as we may need to check that your meter is correctly registered against your address.  Network Operators, for example so they can keep you informed about disruptions and reconnections to your energy supply if there's a loss of supply, an emergency or an event happening that will cause disruption to your energy supply.  Agents and sub-contractors appointed by us to facilitate our contract with you, such as Meter Operators and Data Collectors.  Third-party IT suppliers who provide and/or help us operate our IT systems. For example, to carry out diagnostics or troubleshooting work.  If you have a smart meter, Smart DCC Ltd, who manage the data and communications network connecting smart meters to us and other industry suppliers, to ensure consistency between suppliers.  Network Providers who provide Home Area Network services to some smart metering customers, to enable these services to be provided.  Energy suppliers and other organisations to deal with a switch between suppliers.  When changing supplier, if you have a Prepayment meter, we may share debt information between suppliers as part of this process.  Other energy suppliers, landlords or housing associations if we or another organisation suspect the property is connected with fraud or theft. We also contribute to the Theft Risk Assessment Service operated by Experian.  Agents appointed by Ofgem to test meters suspected of being faulty.  Other people you have authorised us to share data with, such as family members, energy brokers, solicitors and debt management companies, so we can fulfil your requirements.  Debt collection agencies and other organisations assisting us with debt recovery (for example, bailiffs, courts, private investigators and our solicitors).  Social services, the Police, distribution services or other similar agencies if we think you need extra emergency help.  The administrators of our Energy Fund grants, if you apply to them for help payment your bills.  Organisations giving you a service (for instance Green Deal), helping you compare your energy use with similar households or offering you rewards to assist you.  Market regulators such as Ofgem and consumer protection organisations such as the Energy Ombudsman, where we are obliged to do so under regulations.  Law enforcement organisations working on the detection, investigation and prevention of crime and enforcement of legislation.  Commissioning and installation contractors for installations such as solar panels, batteries and insulation, and HIES, the consumer protection organisation covering the installation of renewable energy products  Financial organisations for purposes such as payment processing, and refunds.  If you apply for Affordable Warmth-funded measures, the Energy Saving Trust and Department for Work and Pensions to confirm whether you're entitled to the assistance and other necessary contractors to carry out the surveys, work etc.  Finance providers if you require a loan to pay for energy saving measures.  Manufacturers and suppliers of energy efficiency measures who provide energy saving measures and are working for you.  Organisations which offer referral and reward schemes on our behalf, and/or organisations which offer you cash back for joining us.  If you want to register or transfer your Generation Unit(s) under either the FiT or SEG schemes, we will share your data with the Department for Business Energy and Industrial Strategy, our regulator Ofgem and other FiT/SEG licensees. We also share your data with service partners we engage to assist us with things like IT, telephony, bulk mailing, and mobile app platforms.  Advertising organisations including social media and entertainment service providers to show you advertising about our products and services.  Our marketing partners who we work with.  These organisations may enhance or match the data we hold or carry out activities on our behalf.  If you have E.ON Home with us, information about your use of home energy solutions can be provided by those companies who provide the service to you.  If you have solar panels or battery storage with us and you wish to pay for your installation using our finance options, we will share your details with the lender. We will also need to transfer data to the provider of your solar and/or battery inverter(s) for the purposes of providing you with access to monitoring platforms such as E.ON Home or those provided by the inverter manufacturer.  When we share your personal data with third parties, we enter into contracts to ensure your personal data is kept secure, is only used for the defined purpose, and is then deleted in accordance with our data retention requirements.  When you join us, buy an additional product or service or set up a Direct Debit for the first time, we’ll share your details with one or more CRAs to check your identity and see if you may have any problems paying your bills. This means that we’ll share your personal data with them, and they’ll give us information about you so we can be sure about who we have a contract with and see if you might have problems paying your bills.  We may also tell Credit Reference Agencies (CRAs) how you're managing your account and whether you owe us any money. They might share this data with others to help them make informed lending decisions. For more information, view the Credit Reference Agencies section.  If you're a Sainsbury's Energy customer, we will share some details with Nectar Loyalty to enable Nectar to allocate you your points. You can find out more by visiting Nectar's privacy policy page.  If you’re a Sainsbury’s Energy customer, we may also share your information with Sainsbury’s who will use your information for statistical analysis and to help them understand more about their customers. You can find out more by visiting Sainbury's privacy policy page.  Automated decision making and profiling  There are various circumstances where we may need to share your data with other people or organisations. These are:  Our parent company and other companies in the E.ON Group and/or npower Group who may be involved in the provision of services to you.  Energy market administrators such as Xoserve for gas, ECOES for electricity and the Meter Point Administration Service, as we may need to check that your meter is correctly registered against your address.  Network Operators, for example so they can keep you informed about disruptions and reconnections to your energy supply if there's a loss of supply, an emergency or an event happening that will cause disruption to your energy supply.  Agents and sub-contractors appointed by us to facilitate our contract with you, such as Meter Operators and Data Collectors.  Third-party IT suppliers who provide and/or help us operate our IT systems. For example, to carry out diagnostics or troubleshooting work.  If you have a smart meter, Smart DCC Ltd, who manage the data and communications network connecting smart meters to us and other industry suppliers, to ensure consistency between suppliers.  Network Providers who provide Home Area Network services to some smart metering customers, to enable these services to be provided.  Energy suppliers and other organisations to deal with a switch between suppliers.  When changing supplier, if you have a Prepayment meter, we may share debt information between suppliers as part of this process.  Other energy suppliers, landlords or housing associations if we or another organisation suspect the property is connected with fraud or theft. We also contribute to the Theft Risk Assessment Service operated by Experian.  Agents appointed by Ofgem to test meters suspected of being faulty.  Other people you have authorised us to share data with, such as family members, energy brokers, solicitors and debt management companies, so we can fulfil your requirements.  Debt collection agencies and other organisations assisting us with debt recovery (for example, bailiffs, courts, private investigators and our solicitors).  Social services, the Police, distribution services or other similar agencies if we think you need extra emergency help.  The administrators of our Energy Fund grants, if you apply to them for help payment your bills.  Organisations giving you a service (for instance Green Deal), helping you compare your energy use with similar households or offering you rewards to assist you.  Market regulators such as Ofgem and consumer protection organisations such as the Energy Ombudsman, where we are obliged to do so under regulations.  Law enforcement organisations working on the detection, investigation and prevention of crime and enforcement of legislation.  Commissioning and installation contractors for installations such as solar panels, batteries and insulation, and HIES, the consumer protection organisation covering the installation of renewable energy products  Financial organisations for purposes such as payment processing, and refunds.  If you apply for Affordable Warmth-funded measures, the Energy Saving Trust and Department for Work and Pensions to confirm whether you're entitled to the assistance and other necessary contractors to carry out the surveys, work etc.  Finance providers if you require a loan to pay for energy saving measures.  Manufacturers and suppliers of energy efficiency measures who provide energy saving measures and are working for you.  Organisations which offer referral and reward schemes on our behalf, and/or organisations which offer you cash back for joining us.  If you want to register or transfer your Generation Unit(s) under either the FiT or SEG schemes, we will share your data with the Department for Business Energy and Industrial Strategy, our regulator Ofgem and other FiT/SEG licensees. We also share your data with service partners we engage to assist us with things like IT, telephony, bulk mailing, and mobile app platforms.  Advertising organisations including social media and entertainment service providers to show you advertising about our products and services.  Our marketing partners who we work with.  These organisations may enhance or match the data we hold or carry out activities on our behalf.  If you have E.ON Home with us, information about your use of home energy solutions can be provided by those companies who provide the service to you.  If you have solar panels or battery storage with us and you wish to pay for your installation using our finance options, we will share your details with the lender. We will also need to transfer data to the provider of your solar and/or battery inverter(s) for the purposes of providing you with access to monitoring platforms such as E.ON Home or those provided by the inverter manufacturer.  When we share your personal data with third parties, we enter into contracts to ensure your personal data is kept secure, is only used for the defined purpose, and is then deleted in accordance with our data retention requirements.  When you join us, buy an additional product or service or set up a Direct Debit for the first time, we’ll share your details with one or more CRAs to check your identity and see if you may have any problems paying your bills. This means that we’ll share your personal data with them, and they’ll give us information about you so we can be sure about who we have a contract with and see if you might have problems paying your bills.  We may also tell Credit Reference Agencies (CRAs) how you're managing your account and whether you owe us any money. They might share this data with others to help them make informed lending decisions. For more information, view the Credit Reference Agencies section.  If you're a Sainsbury's Energy customer, we will share some details with Nectar Loyalty to enable Nectar to allocate you your points. You can find out more by visiting Nectar's privacy policy page.  If you’re a Sainsbury’s Energy customer, we may also share your information with Sainsbury’s who will use your information for statistical analysis and to help them understand more about their customers. You can find out more by visiting Sainbury's privacy policy page.  Our website and social media  We have accounts on most major social media channels and use their 'public' platforms to manage our social media interactions.  We don't have any control over how these companies use any data shared with us through their services, and we recommend you review their privacy notices yourself. We'd also remind you that any information you post publicly is visible to anyone.  If we know you're an E.ON customer and you send us personal data using a private or direct message via social media, that data will be stored along with your other account records in line with our standard data retention period.  If you send us personal data via Facebook Messenger to enable us to give you a quote for a potential energy supply, we'll delete the relevant messages from Messenger, but they will still be available to you and Facebook unless you also delete them.  By using our website, you're allowing us to collect and use the information you give us for the purposes of your visit or as explained to you.  Our website contains tracking code provided by Lead Forensics. This code enables Lead Forensics to track activity on the business section of our website and provide E.ON with information on the IP address of the requesting computer (this data is not anonymised), the date and duration of the user’s visit, and the web pages which the user visits. This data may be used by us to contact the business about their experience or for marketing purposes. We will not pass this data to third parties for any reason. More information can be found at www.leadforensics.com.  You can opt out of the collection, storage and processing of IP data at any time by clicking on this link: Opt out of Lead Forensics tracking  We use the Recaptcha service provided by Google to ensure that use of our website is by living humans, not automated spam scripts. For more information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy, please visit the following links: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and https://www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/android.html.  Most internet browsers, like Firefox, Safari or Google Chrome, let websites store simple text files called 'cookies' on your computer.  Cookies let websites remember things like your username or password, so you don't need to re-type them every time you visit. They also help websites see how you use them, and this can be used to improve how websites work.  We've a legal responsibility to tell you about the kind of cookies we use, what they're for and how to turn them off. We strongly suggest you accept our cookies though, to get the best possible service from our website.  There are quite a few myths about cookies out there, so to put your mind at rest, here's what cookies can't do:  Get your login email address or other personal info unless you provide it.  Create viruses or destructive programmes that could harm your computer.  Instantly fill up your hard drive.  What cookies do eonenergy.com use?  We use necessary cookies to make our site work. Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how our website functions. These include:  ServiceTick - This cookie allows us to review your web session in real-time to help us improve your online experience when using our website. It allows our website team to find and fix errors and improve the usability of the website. This also allows us to manage online customer surveys and prevent them from being displayed once completed.  E.ON First time visitor cookies - The first time you visit our website, these cookies record whether you’re interested in home energy or business energy. That way, when you visit again, we can take you straight to the relevant section.  SessionCam - This cookie allows us to review your web session in real-time to help us improve your online experience when using our website. It allows our website team to find and fix errors and improve the usability of the website. This also allows us to manage online customer surveys and prevent them from being displayed once completed.  _cfduid - This cookie is used by Cloudflare to maximise network resources, manage traffic to our website and protect our website from malicious traffic. This cookie collects and anonymises End User IP address using a one-way hash of certain values so individual cannot be identified..  We'll only use marketing cookies if you agree to them being enabled when you first visit our website. These include:  Xaxis - If you've shown an interest in buying something from our website but decided not to, these cookies will let a handful of other selected websites advertise that product to you.  Criteo and Dentsu Aegis  - These use retargeting cookies to provide you with personalised adverts when you visit other selected websites. They use web beacons to confirm that a sale has occurred and will exclude users from further advert retargeting.  Google Analytics and Webtrends - These are known as website tracking tools and they're used on most websites. They give us general information about you and what you are using on our website, including what pages you visit, how long you visit for and the kind of things you do. This helps us spot problems and improve the website.  DoubleClick - We use these cookies on a small number of pages to see when you have come from specific websites, search engines or online advertisements. This helps us to see how you find us and how well our marketing is working.  AdInsight - These cookies let us show different phone numbers on our website, depending on whether you've come to us from a search engine, website or advert, so we can see which one works best and get value for money from our marketing.  Adobe Target - These cookies are used to help us improve your customer experience when visiting our site. They're used to perform and measure the results of online testing. They also allow us to ensure that you get the same experience each time you return to our site  E.ON Account cookies - If you manage your account online, these cookies help our website download your information more quickly and display it in the right way. The cookies also contain information about how you use our services, so that we can display the content that is most relevant to you in order to improve your experience.  How do I turn cookies off?  How you disable or delete cookies depends on which version of your internet browser you're using, for instance, Internet Explorer 9.  You should be able to check this by going to the About section in the Help or Tools section of your browser.  To find out more, we suggest you visit aboutcookies.org, where you'll find easy to follow instructions for both deleting or controlling cookies from your browser.  aboutcookies.org is a third party website, so we're not responsible for the information on it, but we're more than happy to recommend it.  We'll also use your personal information to provide you with a more effective user experience (such as displaying services we think you'll be interested in).  Our use of your information in this way means that your experience of our site will be more tailored to you, and the content you see on our site may differ from someone accessing the same site with a different history or browsing habits.  We also share your aggregated anonymous data with third party analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.  We'll also use your personal information for the purposes of making our site more secure, and to administer our site and the internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.  We process your data for this reason because we have a legitimate interest to provide you with the best experience we can, and to ensure that our site is kept secure.  You can prevent us from using your personal information in this way by using the ‘do not track’ functionality in your internet browser. If you enable do not track functionality, our site may be less tailored to your needs and preferences.  What cookies do eonnext.com use?  These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance.  _insp_*. Analytics for improvement and optimisation.  _gclxxxx. Google conversion tracking cookie.  _utmb. This cookie determines new sessions and visits and expires after 30 minutes. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. Any activity by a user within the 30 minute life span will count as a single visit, even if the user leaves and then returns to the site. A return after 30 minutes will count as a new visit, but a returning visitor.  _utma. This cookie lasts for 2 years by default and distinguishes  between users and sessions. It is used to calculate new and returning visitor statistics. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.  _gali. Google analytics - used to distinguish users.  _utmc. This is used to enable interoperability with the older version of Google Analytics code known as Urchin. When used by Google Analytics this is always a session cookie which is destoryed when the user closes their browser.  _utmz. This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site. The cookie has a life span of 6 months and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.  _ga. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports.  _gaexp. Used to determine a user's inclusion in an experiment and the expiry of experiments a user has been included in.  _gat_UA-*. This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to.  _gid. This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics.  _gat_GA-*. This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to.  With the exception of the _utmc cookie, which is session based, the above cookies are all persistent cookies.  If we collect or handle your personal data, you have rights as an individual which you can exercise in relation to the information we hold about you.  If you'd like to express one of your rights, please email CustomerRightTeam@eonenergy.com.  Right of access to your personal data  You can find out if we hold any personal data about you, and access that data, by making a ‘subject access request’ under the Data Protection Act 2018 and the UK General Data Protection Regulation. If we do hold your personal data, we will provide you with a copy and information about what we do with it. Unless you ask us to provide it in a different way, we will email this to you where you have given us an email address.  You can request access to our data by using any of the methods on our contact us page.  If you are an E.ON Next customer contact us here.  If you only want to see certain items and you agree, we will try to deal with your request informally, for example, by providing you with the specific information you need over the telephone.  If you’ve given us consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time by contacting us.  You can request that we correct any mistakes, restrict or stop processing your data, or delete it. It’s worth noting that in some cases if you do ask us to correct, delete or stop processing it, we won’t always be required to do so – for example we may need to continue in order to service your account in line with our contract. If this is the case, we'll explain why.  If we're making decisions about you based solely on automated processing, including profiling, then you have the right to object to this in most cases. In certain circumstances, if we're making decisions about you based solely on automated processing that is necessary for entering into, or performance of, a contract with you or you have given us explicit consent you have the right to have a person make the decision instead.  In certain circumstances (where you provide your information to us (a) with consent to process it or (b) where the processing is necessary for the performance of our contract with you), you can require that we provide the data we hold about you either to you or a third party in a commonly used format. This is commonly called ‘portability’). This only applies if we're processing it using automation only. If you would like more information about this, let us know.  Your right to contact the Information Commissioner  If you're unhappy with any aspect of how we handle your personal data you also have the right to contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the supervisory authority that regulates handling of personal information in the UK.  You can contact them by going to their website, phoning them on 0303 123 1113 or by post to:  Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF.  Your right to contact the Information Commissioner  If you're unhappy with any aspect of how we handle your personal data you also have the right to contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the supervisory authority that regulates handling of personal information in the UK.  You can contact them by going to their website, phoning them on 0303 123 1113 or by post to:  Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF.  How long do we store your personal data for  If you have an account with us, we will retain your personal data for seven years following the end of our contractual relationship with you (which might be when your account closes or when we have issued your final bill.) There may be circumstances when we need to keep it for longer, for instance, if you are on a long-term payment plan or to meet our legal obligations. We will delete it as soon as we have no need to keep it further or put it “beyond use”. Beyond use means we will not use your personal data to inform any decisions, we will not give access to any other organisation and will delete as soon as this becomes possible.  If we hold your data for any other reason, we will delete it as soon as we no longer have a valid reason to retain it.  How we keep your information safe  When you log in to your online account or ask us for a quote, our website pages are secure, which means all the personal details you type in are encrypted before they’re sent to us.  We store and use all personal information securely, so it can't be read by anyone who doesn't need to see it.  When you get in touch with us, we'll ask you a couple of security questions before we share any personal details, just to check it's you. We will never give out your personal data such as name, address, DOB when you speak to us, we will only confirm it back to you.  When we use other organisations to help us provide services and manage your account, we have appropriate contracts in place, which limits their use of your data to only what we have asked them to do. We provide only the information they need to perform their specific services and we work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected at all times. If we stop using their services, any of your data held by them will either be deleted or rendered anonymous.  Data transfers outside the European Economic Area  The Brexit transition period ended on 31 December 2020. The UK has now been deemed an adequate jurisdiction for the receipt of personal data from the European Union (EU) meaning that personal data can flow freely between the EU and wider European Economic Area (EEA) to the UK.  Data protection laws allow us to transfer personal data to organisations in countries within the EEA, as those countries are deemed to have adequate controls and safeguards in place to protect your data.  We may transfer your personal data to an organisation in a country outside the EEA, in which case we will only do so where the European Commission has declared that the receiving country has an adequate level of protection, or we have a contract in place which includes appropriate data protection clauses requiring that your data is handled to the same standards as we uphold.  How we work with Credit Reference Agencies  When you join us, buy an additional product or service or set up a Direct Debit for the first time, we’ll share your details with one or more Credit Reference Agencies (CRAs). This means that we’ll share your personal data with them, and they’ll give us information about you so we can be sure about who we have a contract with and see if you might have problems paying your bills.  We may also tell CRAs how you're managing your account and whether you owe us any money. They might share this data with others to help them make informed lending decisions.  CRAs can also help us try to trace you if you have moved and we owe you money or you owe us money. They may also provide information to us if you do not tell us that you are a new owner or occupier of an address we supply, so that we can take steps to get in touch and set up an account with you.  More information is set out in a Credit Reference Agency Information Notice (CRAIN)  which describes how the three main CRAs (Experian, Equifax and TransUnion) share and use personal data. This is available from all three CRAs and displayed on their websites. You can also find the information here. If you would like to find out more details about our credit checking process please see our FAQ's below.  Frequently asked questions about CRAs  What’s a Credit Reference Agency?  Credit reference agencies (CRAs) collect and maintain information on consumers' and businesses' credit behaviour on behalf of organisations in the UK.  What’s a fraud prevention agency?  Fraud prevention agencies (FPAs) collect, maintain and share, information on known and suspected fraudulent activity. Some CRAs also act as FPAs.  Why do you use them when I’ve chosen to switch to E.ON?  Although you’ve chosen to switch to us, we’ll check our own records and contact CRAs to get information on your credit behaviour with other organisations. This’ll help us make the best possible assessment of your financial situation before we make a decision. We’ll do this in a secure and responsible manner, in line with industry standards.  Where do they get their information from?  From publicly available information such as:  The Electoral Register from Local Authorities.  County Court Judgments from Registry Trust.  Bankruptcy (and other similar orders) from the Insolvency Service.  Fraud information may also come from FPAs.  Credit information comes from information on applications to banks, building societies, credit card companies etc. and also from the behaviour of those accounts.  How will I know if my information is being sent to a CRA or FRA?  You’ll be told when you apply for an account if your application data is to be supplied. The next section will tell you how, when and why we’ll search at CRAs and FPAs and what we’ll do with the information we obtain from them. We’ll also tell you if we plan to send your payment history information on you or your business, if you have one, to CRAs. You can ask at any time for the name of CRAs and FPAs.  Why is my data used in this way?  We and other organisations want to make the best possible decisions we can, in order to make sure that you, or your business, will be able to pay us for the energy you use. Some organisations may also use the information to check your identity, check for outstanding debt, and to ensure that there is no evidence of fraudulent activity within your credit history. We’ll always use this information securely, for the purposes it is intended, and won’t use it for marketing purposes.  In this way we can ensure that we all make responsible decisions. At the same time, we also want to make decisions quickly and easily and, by using up to date information, we’re able to make the most reliable and fair decisions possible.  Who controls what agencies are allowed to do with my data?  All organisations that collect and process personal data are regulated by the Data Protection Act 2018 and the UK General Data Protection Regulation, overseen by the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). All CRAs are in regular dialogue with the Commissioner. Use of the Electoral Register is controlled under the Representation of the People Act 2000.  Can anyone look at data held by CRAs?  No, access to your information is very strictly controlled and only those that are entitled to do so may see it. Usually, that will only be with your agreement or (very occasionally) if there is a legal requirement.  Will my data be used for crime prevention?  We may share your data with other organisations for the detection and prevention of crime. Your information will always be processed securely and in line with data privacy laws.  1.       When you apply to us to open an account, we’ll:  a)     Check our own records for information on:  ii)      and, if you've got one, your financial associates’ personal accounts;  iii)     if you're an owner, director or partner in a small business we may also check on your business accounts.  b)     Search at credit reference agencies (CRAs) for information on:  ii)      and, if you're making a joint application now or have ever done the following, we'll check your financial associates’ personal accounts as well: - previously made joint applications - have joint accounts - are financially linked;  iii)     if there's insufficient information to enable us to assist you, occasionally we may also use information about other members of your family;  iv)     if you're a director or partner in a small business we may also check on your business accounts.  c)     Search at fraud prevention agencies (FPAs) for information on you and any addresses at which you've lived and, on your business (if you've got one).  2.     What we do with the information you supply to us as part of the application:  a)     Information that's supplied to us will be sent to the CRAs.  b)     If you're making a joint application or tell us that you've a spouse or financial associate, we'll:  i)      search, link and/or record information at CRAs about you both;  ii)      link any individual identified as your financial associate, in our own records;  iii)     take both your and their information into account in future applications by either or both of you;  iv)     continue this linking until the account closes or is changed to a sole account and one of you notifies us that you're no longer linked, so you must be sure that you have their agreement to disclose information about them;  c)     If you give us false or inaccurate information and we suspect or identify fraud, we'll record this and may also pass this information to FPAs and other organisations involved in crime and fraud prevention.  d)     We may also use your data to offer you other products and services if you have given your permission.  3.     With the information we obtain we’ll:  a)     Assess this application to make a decision on products and services that we offer you.  b)     Check details on applications for credit and credit related or other facilities.  c)     Verify your identity and the identity of your spouse, partner or other directors/partners and/or;  d)     Undertake checks for the prevention and detection of crime, fraud and/or money laundering.  e)     We may use scoring methods to assess this application and to verify your identity.  f)      Manage your personal and/or business account (if you have one) with ourselves.  g)     Undertake periodic statistical analysis or testing to ensure the accuracy of existing and future products and services.  h)     Any or all of these processes may be automated.  4.     What we do when you have an account:  a)     We'll give details of your personal and/or business account (if you've got one), including names and parties to the account and how you manage it/them to CRAs.  b)     If you don't repay your bill in full, on time, or as arranged we'll tell CRAs.  c)     We may make periodic searches of our own group records and at CRAs to manage your account with us. We may make periodic searches of our own group records and at CRAs to manage your account with us. This may include obtaining your financial information from CRAs, this may include but is not limited to: credit utilisation, mortgage information, defaults on credit accounts, fraud indicators and residency indicators. This data is used to support the implementation of appropriate debt prevention and collection strategies to mitigate our bad debt risk. This may include but is not limited to: supporting setting up sustainable payment arrangements, identifying and supporting customers facing financial vulnerability and implementing pre-delinquency measures. If you do not want us to obtain this information, please contact us. We may also check at FPAs to prevent or detect fraud.  d)     We may also check at FPAs to prevent or detect fraud.  e)     If you don’t make payments that you owe us, we’ll trace your whereabouts and recover debts  What CRAs and FPAs do  5.     When CRAs receive a search from us, they will:  a)     Place a search “footprint” on your credit file whether or not this application continues. If the search was for a credit application, the record of that search (but not the name of the organisation that carried it out) may be seen by other organisations when you apply for credit in the future.  b)     Link together the records of you and anyone that you have advised is your financial associate including previous and current parties. Links between financial associates will remain on your and their files until such time as you or your partner successfully files for a disassociation with the credit reference agencies.  6.     They supply to us:  a)     Credit information such as previous applications and the behaviour of the accounts in your name and of your associates (if there's a link between you – see 1b above) and/or your business accounts (if you've got one).  b)     Public information such as County Court Judgments (CCJs) and bankruptcies.  7.      When information is supplied by us, to them, on your accounts:  a)     CRAs will record the details that are supplied on your personal and/or business account (if you've got one) including any previous and subsequent names that have been used by the account holders and how you/they manage it/them.  b)     If you don't repay in full, on time, or as arranged, CRAs will record the outstanding debt.  c)     Records shared with CRAs remain on file for six years after they're closed, whether settled by you or defaulted.  d)     If we owe you monies and are unable to contact you, we may use this information to trace you and credit any monies owed.  8.      How CRAs won’t use your data:  a)     It won't be used to create a blacklist.  b)     It won't be used by the CRA to make a decision.  9.     How CRAs will use your data:  a)     The information which we and other organisations provide to CRAs about you, your financial associates and your business (if you've got one) may be supplied by CRAs to other organisations and used by them to:  i)      Prevent crime, fraud and money laundering by, for example, checking details provided on applications for credit and credit related or other facilities;  ii)      Check the operation of credit and credit-related accounts;  iii)     Verify your identity if you or your financial associate applies for other facilities;  iv)     Make decisions on credit and credit related services about you, your partner, other members of your household or your business;  v)     Manage your personal, your partner’s and/or business (if you've got one) credit or credit related account or other facilities;  vi)     Trace your whereabouts and recover debts or refund credits that we may owe you;  vii)    Undertake statistical analysis and system testing.  10.   How your data might be used by Fraud prevention agencies:  a)     The information which we provide to the FPAs about you, your financial associates and your business (if you've got one) may be supplied by FPAs to other organisations and used by them and us to:  i)      Prevent crime, fraud and money laundering by, for example;  Checking details provided on applications for credit and credit related or other facilities;  Managing credit and credit related accounts or facilities;  Cross checking details provided on proposals and claims for all types of insurance;  Checking details on applications for jobs or when checked as part of employment.  b)     Verify your identity if you or your financial associate applies for other facilities including all types of insurance proposals and claims.  c)     Trace your whereabouts and recover debts that you owe.  d)     Conduct other checks to prevent or detect fraud.  e)     We and other organisations may access and use from other countries the information recorded by FPAs.  f)      Undertake statistical analysis and system testing.  Your data may also be used for other purposes for which you give your specific permission or, in very limited circumstances, when required by law or where permitted under the terms of the Data Protection Act 2018 and the UK General Data Protection Regulation.  Your data may also be used to offer you other products, but only where permitted.  How to find out more  You can contact the CRAs currently operating in the UK: the information they hold may not be the same so it’s worth contacting them all:  Transunion, Consumer Services Team, One Park Lane, Leeds, LS3 1EP or call 0330 024 7574.  Equifax Ltd, 6 Wellington Place, Leeds, LS1 4AP or call 0113 380 8000.  Experian, Consumer Help Service, PO Box 8000, Nottingham, NG80 7WF or call 0870 241 6212.  Smart meters record your energy consumption details and allow that information to be transferred to your supplier remotely. This helps you receive more accurate bills. Smart meters also allow you to see what energy you are using at that point in time (via an in-home display or app).  Smart meters are also key to the green energy transition, as they allow individuals to understand their energy needs and patterns better which could help reduce energy consumption. Collectively, the data they provide will also help Network Operators balance the grid better as they have a more detailed understanding of the energy demand and flow across the country. This is vital in helping the UK transition to renewable energy sources.  Energy suppliers have an obligation to try and install as many smart meters as possible.  You can find out more about smart meters at https://www.smartenergygb.org/en  How we use your smart data:  -          the date we install your smart meter; or  -          the date we notify you we are able to utilise the functionality of a smart meter that a previous supplier fitted; or  -          the date we take over your supply and your smart meter functionality is already available to us (as appropriate).  We will use the energy consumption data for the purposes set out in this policy.  We may use the energy consumption data we obtain remotely from your smart meter for the following purposes:  How your smart energy data will be used  Daily (unless you opt out)  Half-hourly (if you allow us to)  How collecting your energy usage more often can help  To produce bills based on actual reads, reducing the need to estimate your bills.  To provide information and feedback to you about your energy consumption and how you could manage your energy usage better and save money (this won’t include using your smart energy data for marketing purposes unless you’ve already agreed we can).  The more tailored the feedback can be.  To track trends in energy consumption and analyse your energy data and compare it over time with other customers usage, so we can develop tailored products and services for you (this won’t include using your smart energy data for marketing purposes unless you’ve already agreed we can).  The more tailored the products and services we can offer to meet your specific needs.  To calculate your energy usage and any debt or credit accrued.  To provide energy usage for industry purposes in line with industry regulations.  To let us know that it is safe and operating and recording correctly.  The easier it will be for us to identify issues with the meter at an earlier stage.  To provide you with interactive tools to analyse your energy consumption through your online account or through communications we may send to you for example to provide you with energy saving advice.  The more detailed and tailored the analysis will be.  To help us forecast demand for energy.  The more efficiently and accurately we can do this meaning who can purchase wholesale energy at the best price.  To give you tailored advice and recommendations on how to reduce the amount of energy you use based on your specific energy usage  To carry out internal reporting, modelling and analysis to understand our customers better.  Provision of daily and/or half hourly energy usage will give us a more detailed view of our customers and how they use energy to help us understand our customers’ needs better, help us improve the way we provide our services and the types of services we offer as well as enabling us to develop the right types of products for our customers.  Smart meters collect and store consumption data at half hourly intervals, but you can choose how much of this we obtain for the purposes detailed above.  Monthly is the minimum level of data we are allowed to take for billing and regulatory purposes. If this is the level of smart energy data you select, we're also allowed to take ad-hoc daily meter reads to maintain accurate billing where we need to send you a bill after changes to your account (for example if you move home or change your energy product, if we need to use the data to resolve a query or a complaint from you, or if we think your smart meters have been damaged or been compromised in any way. Daily meter reads will help us understand the meter’s recent activity so that we can diagnose and resolve the problem.  Unless you tell us you wish to opt out (object), not only will we collect your monthly energy data as set out above, we'll also collect your smart energy data on a daily basis. If you'd prefer us not to collect this level of energy data daily, you can let us know at any time by calling us directly or going online.  Subject to this section (see “Additional smart energy data use requirements” below), if you permit us to, not only will we collect your monthly and daily energy data as set out above, your energy data can be measured every half hour. The data will not be collected by us more often than once a day (during a daily download of that data from your smart meter).  We'll discuss the purposes for which your smart energy data may be used with you, either when you contact us or we'll get in touch with you prior to your smart meter being installed, or when you transfer your energy supply over to us, so that we gain your explicit consent for us to collect and use your half hourly data. Your half hourly smart energy data will not be collected and used by us unless we get your consent to do so.  To discuss your options or change what level of energy data we collect, please call us directly or go online. You can change your mind about the use of your data whenever you like – but we're allowed to take monthly energy usage for the purposes set out above so that we can service your account.  Additional smart energy data use requirements  If you have a smart meter in your property, it's your responsibility to tell us if you move home. It's essential that you tell us in advance of that move taking place, so that we can arrange for your smart energy data to no longer be available to any new occupier via the smart energy display in your home. If you fail to let us know, then we may be unable to prevent your energy data being available to the incoming owner/occupier of the premises. This may also have an impact on the availability of the new occupier’s data to them as we'll only be able to prevent access to your data from the date that you let us know that you've moved and that may include some data for the new customer if you've moved out and they are already living in the premises.  If you're a landlord, you must notify us when your tenants move in or out. It's essential that you tell us in advance of that move taking place so that we can arrange for the previous tenants’ smart energy data to no longer be available to any new occupier via the smart energy display in your property. If you fail to let us know then we may be unable to prevent the previous tenants’ energy data being available to the incoming owner/occupier of the property. This may also have an impact on the availability of the new occupier’s data to them as we'll only be able to prevent access to the previous tenants’ data from the date that you or the new occupier lets us know that the previous tenants have moved and that may include some data for the new customer if the previous tenants have moved out and the new customer is already living in the premises.  We're able to provide you with up to 24 months' (or the period we've been your supplier whichever is the shorter) of smart energy consumption data as long as it's available from your smart meter. A smart meter is only able to store a limited amount of data, so if you for example, change your level of consent to enable us to collect more than monthly energy data then we'll only be able to provide you with any retrospective information at that new level of energy data use if it's still available from your smart meter.  It may not be possible to purge (remove) all your energy data from the systems once it has been collected. If requested, we'll stop processing that data unless we've a legal or regulatory right to continue to use the data to deal with your account.  If you're the landlord or owner of the property we supply and are also the bill payer but you do not live at the property, we may only be able to share with you the smart energy consumption data that's necessary to enable us to meet our contractual and legitimate responsibilities/functions (such as billing and tariff comparison). We may be able to provide you with more granular smart energy consumption data if you provide us with your tenants details so that we can contact them, provide them with the purposes for which we'll use their smart energy data and seek their consent to provide you with more granular smart energy data.  If you're the account holder for electricity, and not the account holder for gas (or vice versa) at a premise we supply, both of you will have access to the IHD and will be able to see how much energy you are using, the tariff you have agreed with us and the cost of that energy.  If your property has multiple meters (for example because you have converted two flats which have separate meters into one) then the level of smart energy data use you agree to will be the level of smart energy data use that'll apply to all the meters in your premises. We may need to discuss your level of smart energy data use and how your smart meter operates if your smart meter is set in prepayment mode.  If you also have an export meter and we're the supplier to whom your energy is exported, then any level of smart energy data use you have set for your import (supply) meter will apply to your export meter.  Data from your smart meter that identifies an event or an alert, for example to alert us to the gas battery running out, suspected tampering, potential faults etc.  We deliver district heating to local communities. Heat is generated in our energy centre and then pumped to your home or business through our network of insulated pipes to heat the water in your property’s heating and hot water system. We service and bill customers in accordance with the Heat Trust Scheme Rules. View their privacy policy on the Heat Trust website.  E.ON Heat will collect information and use it for the purposes in accordance with the rest of E.ON’s privacy policy.  In particular, we will use your information to help us carry out any installation of equipment required and to provide you with your supply of heat, including to assist us in carrying out maintenance and repairs to our equipment. This may include sharing your information with any sub-contractor we have appointed for these purposes.  We will also see details of how much heat you consume which we will use so that we can accurately charge you for the heat you use.  We will also share your information with third parties we use to help support our 24hour customer service operation.  Contact us if you need to get in touch regarding your E.ON Heat.  The Feed-in tariff scheme (FiT) is a government scheme aimed at promoting the installation of small-scale renewable energy – like solar panels. It provides a guaranteed payment for the amount of energy generated/exported from the installation. The scheme is now closed to new applicants. Your FiT terms and conditions set out yours and our obligations in full.  We make payments under the scheme to you (or your nominated recipient); to do this we need details of the electricity you generate and export under the FiT scheme. You are obliged to give us this information so that we can accurately calculate the payments due to you. We're also responsible for checking your application details and registering you and your installation on the Central FiT Register (CFR). To allow us to do this we need to process information relating to you such as your name, address and identification details (passport/driving licence for example). We also need your bank details and information relating to your installation, such as MCS certificate, Energy Performance Certificate for your property.  We'll share this information with Ofgem for the purpose of registering your installation on the CFR which is a requirement of the scheme. We'll keep some of this information for the life of the time your installation is eligible for the scheme – which could be up to 25 years in some circumstances and then for an additional seven years as per the how long we store your personal data for section.  Find out more about the FiT scheme  We’ve teamed up with Homeserve to offer boiler cover. Our website will transfer you to the Homeserve website where you can purchase boiler cover.  A copy of Homeserve’s Privacy policy can be found on the Homeserve website. Homeserve will share with us the products and services you have taken from them. We'll use this information to help us run our business effectively.  Solar panels and battery storage  We provide solar PV (photovoltaic) panels and battery storage to people and businesses in the UK. Solar panels convert the sun’s energy into electricity which can then be used in the home or business. Battery storage can be added to the solar panels to help store renewable energy for when it's needed.  We'll use the information you give us, such as your name, address and telephone number to arrange an in-home appointment to talk to you about what products are best for your needs, what you can expect them to generate and of course to give you a quote to carry out the works.  If you purchase a product from us, we'll use your information to help us carry out any installation required (including sharing that information with any sub-contractor) and to provide you with any relevant maintenance and aftercare.  For more information concerning your solar and/or battery contract with us; please refer to the terms and conditions contained in your quote.  Electric vehicle charging (E.ON Drive)  When you use our charger for personal use  We are the Data Controller. We will record details of where, when and how long you charged your vehicle, and provide you with access to this information via our trusted third party software platform (Virta) along with unique log in details to your own personal E.ON Drive account. We will record the amount of electricity consumed whilst charging your vehicle. This lets us charge you accurately for the electricity you use when you also take an EV tariff from E.ON and helps you understand your energy use in relation to your EV vehicle. We record date, time, duration and amount of electricity consumed of each charging session.  Your data may be shared as and when necessary with teams within E.ON to facilitate the above and to our selected third party software provider and our contact centre provider.  It is within ours and your legitimate interest for us to process the above data for the purpose of accurately recording when and for how long you charged your vehicle for and providing you with a record of such.  We will securely hold your data for a period of 7 years to facilitate dispute management and/or our legal obligations, after this time it will be deleted unless there is any good reason to retain it.  Where your employee uses our charger for their business fleet  We are their Data Processor. We will give your employer access to where, when and how long you charged your fleet vehicle for the purpose of apportioning and where required re-imbursing costs as set out in any agreement between you and your employer. This includes your consumption data for your Fleet Vehicle. You can access and review your personal data by logging in to your E.ON Drive account.  Our Smart Home Chargers are powered by EV.Energy. When you have an E.ON Charge Point installed we’ll provide your email address and home address to EV.Energy. This allows us to link your charger to your EV.Energy account, to undertake Smart Charging.  You’ll need an EV.Energy account to use your E.ON Drive Home Charger. You can find out more by reading the E.ON Drive Privacy policy.  If you use any private chargers, that are not open to the public, (workplaces for example) we may share your name and email address associated with your E.ON Drive account with the owner of the chargers, to check you should have access. We also share anonymized usage data with the charger owners, on the performance of their chargers.  Details of energy you generate and/or export under the Feed-in Tariff scheme or Smart Export Scheme. You're obliged to give us this information so that we can accurately calculate the payments due to you.  You'll be asked for information about any benefits you receive and money you get from employment, to assess your eligibility for assistance.  We'll use the data we collect about how much energy you use, the energy you generate, your use of electric vehicle charging points, and your use of other home energy solutions to provide you with a detailed information breakdown through the E.ON Home platform. For more information regarding your E.ON Home App including cookies used; please refer to the privacy policy on the E.ON home App.  The tado° smart thermostat uses your phone's location to give you control of your heating, making sure energy isn't wasted. Your smart thermostat provides a simple view of your heating, while the smart scheduling app for your smartphone lets you control your heating from wherever you are.  We'll use your information you give us such as name, address, contact details, bank details for the purposes of processing your order, delivering and if appropriate installing your tado°. When you use the tado° software you'll be doing so in accordance with tado’s Terms and Conditions and privacy policy (a copy of which will be given to you by tado). You can find out more on the tado° website.  If you use the E.ON Home App you can decide if you wish for Tado to share the personal data they hold about you with E.ON for the purpose of giving you more intelligent, tailored and personalised information in the E.ON Home App.  How you can contact our Data Protection Officer  E.ON’s Data Protection Officer supports and advises E.ON on data protection matters. The Data Protection Officer can be contacted by writing to Data Protection Office, Newstead Court, Little Oak Drive, Annesley, Nottinghamshire, NG15 0DR  Alternatively, you can email the Data Protection Officer at dataprotection@eonenergy.com  © E.ON UK plc. 2021