ZOOM PRIVACY STATEMENT - Zoom  MeetingsHD video, audio, collaboration & chatMarketplaceIntegrations and bots to use with ZoomVideo WebinarsFull-featured, easy-to-use, engaging webinarsPhone SystemEnterprise cloud phone systemEventsAll-in-one platform to host virtual experiencesChatInstant communication across real time video and phoneRooms and WorkspacesPower up your conference rooms with videoDeveloper PlatformAPIs & SDKs to extend and enhance Zoom  Expand traditional classrooms in the cloud  Improve customer experiences & communications  Increase productivity & engagement for all agencies  Enabling HIPAA-compliant telehealth technology &  Supporting a Hybrid-friendly Work EnvironmentExplore products and tools for seamless collaboration across office and home working spaces.Discover hybrid solutions  Enabling HIPAA-compliant telehealth technology &  Last updated: June 4, 2021  This statement describes the personal data we collect and/or process (which may include collecting,  organizing, structuring, storing, using, or disclosing) to provide products and services offered directly by  Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (“Zoom”), including Zoom’s websites and its meetings, webinars, and  messaging platform (“Zoom Products” or “Products”). Zoom Products do not include products developed by Zoom  that are covered under a separate privacy policy (listed here).  What Personal Data Do We Receive?  How Do We Use Personal Data?  How Do We Share Personal Data?  Who Can See and Share My Personal Data When I Use Zoom?  European Data Protection Specific Information  Changes to This Privacy Statement  What Personal Data Do We Receive?  Personal data is any information from or about an identified or identifiable person, including information  can associate with an individual person. We may collect, or process on behalf of our customers, the  categories of personal data when you use or interact with Zoom Products:  Account Information: Information associated with an account that licenses Zoom  may include administrator name, contact information, account ID, billing information, and account plan  Profile and Participant Information: Information associated with the Zoom profile of a  uses Zoom Products under a licensed account or that is provided by an unlicensed participant joining a  which may include name, display name, picture, email address, phone number, job information, stated  or other information provided by the user or their account owner.  Contacts and Calendar Integrations: Contact information added by accounts or their  create contact lists on Zoom, which may include contact information a user integrates from a third-party  can also integrate their calendars from other services with their Zoom profile or account.  Settings: Information associated with the preferences and settings on the account or  profile, which may include audio and video settings, recording file location, screen sharing settings, and  Registration Information: Information people provide when registering for a Zoom  or recording, which may include name and contact information, responses to registration questions, and  registration information requested by the host.  Device Information: Information about the computers, phones, and other devices people  interacting with Zoom Products, which may include information about the speakers, microphone, camera, OS  hard disk ID, PC name, MAC address, IP address (which may be used to infer general location at a city or  level), device attributes (like operating system version and battery level), WiFi information, and other  Meeting, Webinar, and Messaging Content and Context: Content generated in meetings,  messages that are hosted on Zoom Products, which may include audio, video, in-meeting messages, chat  content, transcriptions, written feedback, responses to polls and Q&A, and files, as well as related  such as invitation details, meeting or chat name, or meeting agenda. Content may contain your voice and  depending on the account owner’s settings, what you choose to share, your settings, and what you do on  Product and Website Usage: Information about how people and their devices interact with  Products, such as: when participants join and leave a meeting; whether participants sent messages and who  message with; performance data; mouse movements, clicks, keystrokes or actions (such as mute/unmute or  on/off), and other user inputs that help Zoom to understand feature usage, improve product design, and  features; which third-party apps users add to a meeting or other Product and what information and actions  authorized to access and perform; features used (such as screen sharing, emojis, or filters); and other  information and metrics. This also includes information about when and how people visit and interact with  websites, including what pages they accessed, their interaction with the website features, and whether or  signed up for a Zoom Product.  Communications with Zoom: Information about your communications with Zoom, including  support questions, your account, and other inquiries.  Information from Partners: Zoom obtains information about account owners and their  third-party companies, such as market data enrichment services, including information about an account  company size or industry, contact information, or activity of certain enterprise domains.  How Do We Use Personal Data?  Zoom employees do not access meeting, webinar, or messaging content (specifically, audio, video, files, and  unless directed by an account owner, or as required for legal, safety, or security reasons, as discussed  uses personal data to conduct the following activities:  Provide Zoom Products and Services: To provide Products, features, and services to  owners, their users, and those they invite to join meetings and webinars hosted on their accounts,  customize Product features and recommendations for accounts or their users. Zoom also uses personal data,  contact information, to route invitations and messages to recipients when people send invitations and  Zoom Products. This may also include using personal data for customer support, which may include accessing  video, files, and messages, at the direction of the account owner or their users. We also use personal  manage our relationship and contracts with account owners, including billing, compliance with contractual  Product Research and Development: To develop, test, and improve Zoom Products,  example, content-related features (such as background filters), and to troubleshoot products and  To market, advertise, and promote Zoom Products, features,  services, including marketing products or features based on your product usage or information we receive  third-party partners. If you visit our websites, we may log information about how and when you visit, and  interactions with them, and use this information to provide advertisements to you relating to Zoom  features, and services or to engage third-party marketing partners to log your interactions on our website  Authentication, Integrity, Security, and Safety: To authenticate accounts and activity,  investigate, and prevent malicious conduct or unsafe experiences, address security threats, protect public  Communicate with You: We use personal data (including contact information) to  you about our Products, features, and services, including product updates, your account, and changes to  and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.  Legal Reasons: To comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process,  law enforcement or government agencies, to investigate or participate in civil discovery, litigation, or  adversarial legal proceedings, and to enforce or investigate potential violations of our Terms of Service  Zoom uses advanced tools to automatically scan content such as virtual backgrounds, profile images, and  uploaded or exchanged through chat, for the purpose of detecting and preventing violations of our terms or  and illegal or other harmful activity, and its employees may investigate such content where required for  How Do We Share Personal Data?  Zoom provides personal data to third parties only with consent or in one of the following circumstances  your prior consent where required under applicable law):  Resellers: If an account owner licensed Zoom from a third-party reseller of Zoom  reseller may be able to access personal data and content for users, including meetings, webinars, and  hosted by the account owner.  Vendors: Zoom works with third-party service providers to provide, support, and improve  Products and technical infrastructure. Zoom may also work with third-party service providers to provide  advertisements and business analytics regarding Zoom Products. These vendors can access personal data  contractual and technical requirements for protecting personal data and prohibiting them from using  for any purpose other than to provide services to Zoom or as required by law.  For Legal Reasons: Zoom may share personal data as needed to: (1) comply with  respond to, investigate, or participate in valid legal process and proceedings, including from law  government agencies; (2) enforce or investigate potential violations of its Terms of Service or policies;  detect, prevent, or investigate potential fraud, abuse, or safety and security concerns, including threats  public; 4) meet our corporate and social responsibility commitments; (5) protect our and our customers’  property; and (6) resolve disputes and enforce agreements.  Marketing and Analytics Partners: Zoom uses third-party marketing and advertising  provide statistics and analysis about how people are using our website and to provide advertising and  including targeted advertising based on your use of our website. These third-party partners may receive  about your activities on Zoom’s website through third-party cookies placed on Zoom’s website. To opt out  of third-party cookies that share data with these partners, visit our cookie management tool. Where  required by law, Zoom will first obtain your consent before engaging in the activities described  Corporate Affiliates: Zoom shares personal information with corporate affiliates, such  Voice Communications, Inc., to provide integrated and consistent experiences across Zoom Products (such as  a user to integrate a Zoom Phone call into a meeting) and to detect, investigate, and prevent fraud,  Change of Control: We may share personal data with actual or prospective acquirers,  representatives and other relevant participants in, or during negotiations of, any sale, merger,  restructuring, or change in control involving all or a portion of Zoom’s business or assets, including in  with bankruptcy or similar proceedings.  Who Can See and Share My Personal Data When I Use Zoom?  When you send messages or join meetings and webinars on Zoom, other people and organizations, including  outside the meeting, webinar, or message, may be able to see content and information that you share:  Account Owner:  An account owner is the organization or individual that signs up for a Zoom account.  Typically, an account owner designates one or more people (called an “administrator”) to manage their account and can grant privileges to users on the account.  Depending on their license with Zoom, the account owner can authorize additional users on their account, and the account owner can create and/or access the profile information for all users on their account.  The account owner and their users can invite others (including guests not on their account) to meetings or webinars hosted on their account.  Zoom gives account owners controls and features that they can use to determine whether certain types of content, such as recordings or out-of-meeting messages, can be created or sent, and what third-party apps can be used, for meetings and webinars hosted on their account.  Depending on their settings, account owners and the people they designate can access personal data for people who join meetings and webinars on their account or send messages to users on their account.  Specifically, account owners may have access to:  Product Usage:  Information about how people and their devices interact with their account, which may include who sent messages to their users in chat, email addresses, IP addresses, device information, and other information about who joined meetings or webinars on their account, whether users viewed or downloaded a recording, how long people participated in their meetings, the time a message was sent, information about Zoom Phone integrations, and other usage information and feedback metrics.  Participant List:  Information about the participants in a Zoom meeting, webinar, or chat, which may include name, display name, email address, phone number, and participant or user ID.  Registration Information:  Information provided during registration for a webinar, meeting, or recording hosted by the account.  Zoom Chat Out-of-Meeting Messages:  If enabled on their account, account owners can see information about who sent and received out-of-meeting messages to users on their account along with information about the message (for example, date and time, and number of participants).  Depending on their settings, account owners also can see sender and receiver information, and other messaging data, along with the content of messages sent to and from users on their account, unless the account owner has enabled Advanced Chat Encryption.  In-Meeting/Webinar Messages:  Depending on their settings, account owners can see sender and receiver information, along with the content of messages sent to and from users on their account, in the following circumstances:  Messages sent to Everyone in a meeting that is recorded  Messages sent to panelists in a webinar that is recorded  Direct messages if the account owner has enabled archiving  Recordings:  Account owners can watch the content of recordings of meetings and webinars hosted on their account.  They can also view a transcript of meeting audio, if enabled.  Polling, Q&A, and Feedback:  Account owners can see information about who provided responses to their polls, Q&A, or post meeting or webinar feedback requests, including name and contact information, together with the responses or feedback, unless responses are submitted anonymously.  Meeting Hosts and Participants:  Hosts and other participants in a meeting may be able to see your email, display name, and profile picture.  Meeting hosts and participants can also see and (depending on the account owner’s settings) record or save meeting content, audio transcripts, messages sent to Everyone or to them directly, and files, whiteboards, or other information shared during a meeting.  Hosts may also be able to see responses to Q&A and polls generated during the meeting.  Webinar Panelists and Attendees:  Only panelists may be visible to attendees during a webinar, but attendees who agree to unmute can be heard by other attendees.  If an attendee agrees to become a panelist during a webinar, they may be visible to other attendees, depending on settings.  Panelists and attendees may be able to see the name of a participant who asks a question during a Q&A, along with their question, unless the participant submits the question anonymously.  Livestreams:  Meeting and webinar hosts can choose to livestream to a third-party site or service, which means anyone with access to the livestream will be able to see the meeting or webinar.  Account owners can choose to add third-party apps to their account and the Zoom Products they use, and they can also give their users permission to add and use specific third-party apps, including in meetings, webinars, and chats hosted on their account.  Depending on their settings, account owners and their users and guests can share your personal data and content with third-party apps and integrations they approve, which may include all of the personal data available to account owners, hosts, and participants listed above, such as account information, profile and contact information, registration information, participants list, settings, content, product usage, and device information.  Other participants in the meeting may be able to see the third-party app that you are using in a meeting, if the third-party app is receiving real-time features and information from the meeting.  Third-party developers may also integrate or embed Zoom meetings into their website or app experiences or build versions of Zoom that enable access to Zoom Products from a third-party app.  Personal information shared by account owners and users with third-party apps and integrations is collected and processed in accordance with the app developers’ terms and privacy policies, not Zoom’s.  If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, or the UK, or a resident of California, please  the respective dedicated sections below. Otherwise, at your request, and as required by applicable law, we  Inform you of what personal data we have about you that is under our control;  Amend or correct such personal data or any previous privacy preferences you selected, or direct you to  Delete such personal data or direct you to applicable tools.  In order to exercise any of your rights as to personal data controlled by Zoom, or if you have any other  about our use of your personal data, please send a request to privacy@zoom.us.  Please identify yourself and, for information relating to Zoom Products, specify your account and/or user  and other information to enable us to authenticate and respond to your request. Where legally permitted, we  decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate  or jeopardize the privacy of others. As an account owner or a user under a licensed account, you may also  to affect your personal data by visiting your account and modifying your personal data directly.  Zoom does not allow children under the age of 16 to sign up for a Zoom account.  To exercise your rights or if you have any privacy-related questions or comments related to this Privacy  please send an email to privacy@zoom.us.  You can also contact us by writing to the following address:  55 Almaden Blvd, Suite 600  Or to our representative in the EU:  You can contact our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to privacy@zoom.us.  We retain personal data for as long as required to engage in the uses described in this Privacy Statement,  longer retention period is required by applicable law.  The criteria used to determine our retention periods include the following:  The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide Zoom Products to you (for  long as you have an account with us or keep using our Products);  Whether account owners modify or their users delete information through their accounts;  Whether we have a legal obligation to keep the data (for example, certain laws require us to keep  transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); or  Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to the enforcement of  agreements, the resolution of disputes, and applicable statutes of limitations, litigation, or regulatory  European Data Protection Specific Information  If you are in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, your rights in relation to your personal data processed by  Right of access and/or portability: You have the right to access any personal data that  about you and, in some circumstances, have that data provided to you so that you can provide or “port”  Right of erasure: In certain circumstances, you have the right to the erasure of  that we hold about you (for example, if it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was  Right to object to processing: In certain circumstances, you have the right to request  stop processing your personal data and/or stop sending you marketing communications;  Right to rectification: You have the right to require us to correct any inaccurate or  Right to restrict processing: You have the right to request that we restrict processing  personal data in certain circumstances (for example, where you believe that the personal data we hold  not accurate or lawfully held).  In order to exercise any of your rights as to personal data controlled by Zoom, or if you have any other  about our use of your personal data, please send a request at the contact details specified in the How to Contact Us section of this Privacy Statement. Please note that we may  to provide us with additional information in order to confirm your identity and ensure that you are entitled  You also have the right to lodge a complaint to a data protection authority. For more information, please  your local data protection authority.  Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data  We only use your information in a lawful, transparent, and fair manner. Depending on the specific personal  concerned and the factual context, when Zoom processes personal data as a controller for individuals in  as the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK, we rely on the following legal bases as applicable in your  As necessary for our contract:  When we enter into a contract directly with you, we  personal data on the basis of our contract in order to prepare and enter into the contract, as well as to  and manage our contract (i.e., providing Zoom Products, features and services to account owners, their  those they invite to join meetings and webinars hosted on their accounts, and manage our relationship and  including billing, compliance with contractual obligations, and related administration). If we do not  personal data for these purposes, we may not be able to provide you with all Products, features, and  Consistent with specific revocable consents: We rely on your prior consent in order to  cookies to engage advertising and analytics partners to deliver tailored advertising and analysis of our  usage. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by visiting our cookie management tool;  As necessary to comply with our legal obligations:  We process your personal data to  the legal obligations to which we are subject for the purposes of compliance with EEA laws, regulations,  practice, guidelines, or rules applicable to us, and for responses to requests from, and other  competent EEA public, governmental, judicial, or other regulatory authorities. This includes detecting,  investigating, preventing, and stopping fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, or illegal activity (“fraud and  detection”) and compliance with privacy laws;  To protect your vital interests or those of others: We process certain personal data in  protect vital interests for the purpose of detecting and preventing illicit activities that impact vital  and public safety, including child sexual abuse material; and  As necessary for our (or others') legitimate interests, unless those interests are overridden by  interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, which require protection of personal data:  personal data based on such legitimate interests to (i) enter and perform the contract with the account  reseller providing you with the Products (which includes billing, compliance with contractual obligations,  related administration and support); (ii) develop, test, and improve our Products and troubleshoot  features; (iii) ensure authentication, integrity, security, and safety of accounts, activity, and  including detect and prevent malicious conduct and violations of our terms and policies, prevent or  or unsafe experiences, and address security threats; (iv) send marketing communications, advertising, and  related to the Products; and (v) comply with non-EEA laws, regulations, codes of practice, guidelines, or  applicable to us and respond to requests from, and other communications with, competent non-EEA public,  governmental, judicial, or other regulatory authorities, as well as meet our corporate and social  commitments, protect our rights and property and the ones of our customers, resolve disputes, and enforce  Zoom operates globally, which means personal data may be transferred, stored (for example, in a data  processed outside of the country or region where it was initially collected where Zoom or its service  customers or facilities – including in countries where meeting participants or account owners hosting  webinars that you participate in or receiving messages that you send are based.  Therefore, by using Zoom Products or providing personal data for any of the purposes stated above, you  that your personal data may be transferred to or stored in the United States where we are established, as  other countries outside of the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK. Such countries may have data protection rules  different and less protective than those of your country.  We protect your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Statement wherever it is processed and take  contractual or other steps to protect it under applicable laws. Where personal data of users in the EEA,  or the UK is being transferred to a recipient located in a country outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK  not been recognized as having an adequate level of data protection, we ensure that the transfer is governed  European Commission’s standard contractual clauses. Please contact us if you would like further information  Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), California residents may have a right to:  Access the categories and specific pieces of personal data Zoom has collected, the  sources from which the personal data is collected, the business purpose(s) for collecting the personal  categories of third parties with whom Zoom has shared personal data;  Delete personal data under certain circumstances; and  Opt out of the “sale” of personal data. We do not sell your personal data in the  sense. However, like many companies, we use advertising services that try to tailor online ads to your  based on information collected via cookies and similar technologies about your online activity. This is  interest-based advertising. The CCPA’s statutory definition of the term “sale” is broad and may include  interest-based advertising. You can get more information and opt out of the use of cookies on our sites  interest-based advertising purposes by clicking the Do  Not Sell My Personal Information link, in the webpage footer, and setting your preferences. You will  set your preferences from each device and each web browser from which you wish to opt out. This feature  cookie to remember your preference, so if you clear all cookies from your browser, you will need to reset  Zoom will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights, which is further in line with  To exercise your rights, contact us by emailing privacy@zoom.us or calling +1-888-799-9666. To opt out of  cookies on our sites for interest-based advertising purposes, follow the instructions above.  We will acknowledge receipt of your request within 10 business days, and provide a substantive response  calendar days, or inform you of the reason and extension period (up to 90 days) in writing.  Under the CCPA, only you or an authorized agent may make a request related to your personal data. Note that  respond to your requests to access or delete personal data under the CCPA, we must verify your identity. We  by requiring you to log into your Zoom account (if applicable), provide information relating to your account  will be compared to information we have, such as profile information), give a declaration as to your  penalty of perjury, and/or provide additional information. You may designate an authorized agent to submit  verified consumer request by providing written permission and verifying your identity, or through proof of  California’s Shine the Light Law  California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as “Shine The Light” law, permits California residents to  request information regarding the disclosure of your Personal Information (if any) to third parties for the  parties’ direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not share Personal Information with  parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  Changes to This Privacy Statement  We may update this Privacy Statement periodically to account for changes in our collection and/or  personal data, and will post the updated Privacy Statement on our website, with a “Last Updated” date at the  we make material changes to this Privacy Statement, we will notify you and provide you an opportunity to  you choose to continue using our Products.  Developer SupportPrivacy, Security, Legal Policies, and Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement  Copyright ©2021 Zoom Video Communications, Inc. All rights reserved.  Do Not Sell My Personal Information 