United Bank UK - Online Remittance - Privacy Statement  Please leave your feedback on this webpage  Type the characters you see in this picture :  The ‘Data Controller’* is United National Bank  Limited. Our registered office is 2 Brook Street, London W1S 1BQ, which is registered  with the Registrar of Companies in England and Wales as a limited liability company,  In this document, ‘UBL UK’, ‘Bank’, ‘we’, and ‘us’ refers to United National Bank  Limited and ‘you’ refers to the Bank’s customers and website.  This privacy statement sets out our current policies and demonstrates our commitment  to your privacy. We are obliged to inform you that any personal information  we have about you has a high level of protection against any unauthorised or accidental  disclosure, access or deletion. We have strict security procedures covering the  storage and disclosure of your information to prevent unauthorised access to comply  with the General Data Protection Regulation. The Bank will only process personal  data for the purpose it was collected for. If we intend to process data other than  for specified use, we will contact you before undertaking further processing.  The Bank may obtain the following personal information about an individual:  We can collect identity data which may include your title, first name, last name,  maiden name, marital status, date of birth, title and gender.  Contact data which could include billing address, delivery address, email and telephone  Financial data that may contain bank account and payment card details and the products  and services you have with us.  Information that we are required to obtain by law such as tax residency.  Transaction data that includes details about payments made through us and other  details of purchases made by you.  Usage data may comprise of information about how you use the Bank’s website, products  Marketing and Communications data may include preferences in receiving marketing  communications from the Bank, subject to your consent.  Open Data and Public Records which may provide any information that is openly available  The Bank does not collect any sensitive data about its customers. Sensitive data  refers to data that includes details about race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical  beliefs, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information  about health and genetic and biometric data.  The Bank can collect personal data through a variety of sources:  A ‘Data Subject’* can provide information through  direct interactions by completing forms, applications, or contacting the Bank by  Information provided to the Bank when it conducts identity and address checks.  Data received from companies that provide fraud prevention and credit reference  Companies that verify immigration status.  Agents and brokers that introduce you to the Bank.  Companies that provide the Bank with Debit Card and other service facilities.  Payments and remittances received by the Bank.  We process personal information about a Data Subject for the following reasons to:  Manage our relationship with our customers.  Make and manage customer payments.  Manage fees, charges, interest and debt recovery.  Detect, investigate and prevent financial crime.  Comply with the laws and regulations that apply to the Bank.  Respond to complaints and in seeking to resolve them.  Ensure that it carries out its business in an effective and efficient manner.  The Bank applies the following legal basis in its processing of personal data:  When it has obtained clear consent from the Data Subject for a specific purpose  When it takes specific steps to enter into a contract or performs its contractual  obligations such as providing banking products to its customers.  When it performs its legal or statutory obligations such as reporting to regulators  The Bank does not rely on legitimate interest as a lawful basis for processing personal  The Bank may decide to share personal information with other external organisations.  This is essential in the delivery of its products and services, to conduct its business  and to comply with all regulations. Also where:  We can share personal information to authorities that can include HMRC, FSCS, Government  agencies and other regulators based in the United Kingdom.  Other relevant jurisdictions which may require reporting in certain circumstances.  Professional advisers including lawyers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy,  legal, insurance and accounting services.  Companies that provide us with the identity verification of customers.  Credit reference and fraud prevention agencies.  Financial Service companies that help us to prevent, detect and report fraudulent  Companies that provide us with information about immigration status.  Agents and brokers that provide business to the Bank.  Companies that help provide Debit Card and standard clearing such as cheques, Direct  Debit and Direct Credit services.  Head Office reporting as necessary for the Bank.  Banks and other financial services companies that provide payment or remittances  Companies that provide marketing services to the Bank.  Sending data outside the EEA  Personal data about individuals can be transferred to locations outside the European  Economic Area (EEA). When this is done, the Bank ensures that this transfer is lawful.  We also make every effort to ensure that there is an appropriate level of protection  and safeguards in place, in accordance with the GDPR.  Data Subjects have certain rights in relation to their personal data:  The right to access and rectify the information the Bank holds about them.  The right to erase or restrict processing.  The right to object to processing.  The right to data portability.  Data Subjects can exercise their rights by contacting the DPO by email at dpo@ubluk.com  The DPO, United Bank UK, 2 Brook Street, London W1S 1BQ.  When you choose to exercise your rights, it may delay or prevent the Bank from performing  its contractual and legal obligations. It could also mean that the Bank will need  to cancel a product or service that it may have with you. The Bank may still be  able to process personal data if it has a lawful basis of doing so.  Request a copy of Personal Information  You have the right to request a copy of the personal information that the Bank holds.  To do so, please either email your request at dpo@ubluk.com or  write to The DPO, 2 Brook Street, London W1S 1BQ.  The Bank will not ask for a fee to access personal data. However, it may charge  a reasonable fee if the request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively,  the Bank can refuse to comply with a request in such circumstances.  The Bank can request specific information to help confirm an identity and to ensure  the right to access personal data. We may also contact you to ask for further information  in relation to your request to speed up our response. The Bank will ensure that  it provides the information in the commonly used electronic or written format.  The Bank reserves the right to withhold information if it has any adverse effects  on the rights and freedoms of other Data Subjects. This means that disclosing that  information can be against the public or business interest.  The Bank aims to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally  it may take an additional two months if the request is particularly complex or multiple  requests have been made. In this case, UBL UK will notify you and explain why such  You have the right to withdraw consent for something you have consented to earlier  such as Marketing. This can be achieved in the following ways:  Using the Contact Us Form, through the website www.ubluk.com/contactus.  Telephoning our Main Contact Centre on +44(0) 121 753 6000 (between 9.15am and 5.15pm).  Unsubscribe from any promotional messages that you have opted in for.  In writing to; UBL UK Central Operations, 391-393 Stratford Road, Birmingham B11  Please allow 10 working days for the systems update and the Bank’s records to reflect  the request to change your preferences.  Data subjects can report a concern on the Information Commissioners Office website  at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or call their helpline on 0303  You need to ensure that you provide the Bank with accurate and relevant information  as well as informing the Bank of any changes. The Bank reports, as part of its legal  obligations, to the regulatory authority based on the information provided.  If inaccurate information is provided, the Bank may not be able to provide products  and services to the data subject.  The Bank, in its processes, does not rely on automated decision making and profiling.  The Bank will retain personal information in line with its Data Retention Policy.  The Bank will only retain personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes  it was collected for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting,  or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal  data, it considers the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data. If  the personal information in no longer needed, the Bank may destroy, delete or anonymise  Third Party Sites and Social Media  Please note that this Privacy Statement does not extend to third party service providers.  Any social media post/comments and any public reviews you send to us such as Facebook  or LinkedIn, will be shared under the terms of the relevant platform and could be  made public. We do not control these platforms and are not responsible for this  What information do we capture in our cookies?  Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user’s computer to hold a packet  of data. These are generally useful to track a user’s activities on a website. UBL  UK uses cookies to store session ID’s, identify a logged in user, provide payment  facilities and for third party analytics such as Google. Some information we collect  We take your security very seriously and therefore must capture your Internet Protocol  (“IP”) address for purposes of data and transaction integrity. An IP is an address  consisting of a series of numbers that is unique to each device connected to the  Our cookies will need to identify you to ensure that we can provide you with the  website functionality to facilitate financial transactions. Additionally, we need  to monitor your session to time you out if there has been no activity after a certain  period of time. This will limit the possibility of unauthorised access. We also  encrypt values in the cookies where possible  We store your IP address for the following reasons:  Enable payment gateway to our payment processors.  We utilise third party services such as Google Analytics to improve our services.  This helps us to better understand the way our customers use our website so that  we can improve our web design and ultimately its performance. We do not collect  any personal data in our performance cookies. Further, these cookies are not used  for marketing purposes. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our own  and Google Analytics privacy policy.  To find out more on how Google Analytics processes data and how you can opt in or  out of receiving these cookies, please refer to their privacy policy at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en  If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or our data processing activities,  please either email your request to dpo@ubluk.com or write to  The DPO, United National Bank UK, 2 Brook Street, London W1S 1BQ.  UBL UK reserves the right to modify sections of this Privacy Statement at any time.  UBL UK operates a Call Centre for customer services. We may record phone conversations  to offer you additional security, resolve complaints and improve our service standards.  Conversations may also be monitored for staff training purposes.  *The Data Controller is a person who (either alone or jointly or  in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in  which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.  **The Data subject means an individual who is the subject of personal  data. In other words, the data subject is the individual whom particular personal  VISIT US ON TWITTER VISIT US ON LINKEDIN  ©2015 United Bank UK. All Rights Reserved.  and UBL UK are the trading names of United National Bank Limited. United National  Bank Limited is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated  by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. The  company is registered in England & Wales and its Registered Office is at 2 Brook  Street, London, W1S 1BQ. The company registration number is 4146820.  For more information on United Bank UK, visit:  Your eligible deposits with United National Bank Ltd are protected up to a total  of £85,000 by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme, the UK's deposit guarantee  scheme. This limit is applied to the total of any deposits you have with the following:  United National Bank Ltd, United Bank UK & UBL UK. Any total deposits you hold  above the limit between these brands are unlikely to be covered.  How FSCS protects your money for further information or visit www.fscs.org.uk.  You can also refer to our FSCS Information Sheet for more details.