Cookies & how they are used  Follow our guide to claiming your discount  Information about the website Terms of Use  Information to help you choose your event  Loyalty Rewards, Refer a Friend and Customers Reviews  More information about Two-Step Verification  Wiggle mobile app help page  Wiggle Vouchers offers and promotions  Wiggle Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the UK General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) 2018 and the UK Data Protection Act 2018.  Our Data Protection Officer (DPO) is Graham Joslin.  We collect information about you for two reasons: firstly, to process your order and secondly to provide you with the best service possible. The legal basis under which your personal data is gathered requires your consent. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting Wiggle using our contact form HERE. We will give you the chance to opt-in to receive marketing emails from us.  The type of information we will collect about you when you place an order or register on our web site includes:  This information is stored on our internal systems and our website simply verifies you as a customer of Wiggle. We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent. The information we hold about you will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by visiting your account or emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies, we will delete or correct it promptly. The personal information that we hold will be held securely, in accordance with our internal security policy and the law. We will not sell your information. We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should contact us by using our contact form. Customer data which is deleted is removed in accordance with EU & UK General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) requirements.  The GDPR provides the following rights for individuals:  The right to be informed  The right to data portability  Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling  The right to withdraw consent at any time (where relevant)  You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in the event, that you believe that Wiggle has not handled your data in accordance with the appropriate regulatory legislation. The supervisory authority for the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO: Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, SK9 5AF).  We use the information you provide for the following purposes:  To send updates regarding the status of your enquiry or order  To send newsletters and details of offers and promotions in which we believe you will be interested  To improve the design and content of the wiggle.co.uk website  To understand the buying behaviour of our registered users  To perform other general marketing and promotional activities focused on our products and services  To work with social media providers - such as Facebook, Instagram and Twitter – where we interact with you on social media  We use cookies to give you the best experience on our website and also to allow us and third parties to tailor ads you see on our website. For more information, please see our full cookie policy.  To deliver advertising across various social media and other online platforms (e.g. Google, Facebook)  To work with professional service providers, such as marketing agencies & advertising partners to share relevant and appropriate marketing content via social media advertising  When you place an order we need to know your name, email address, delivery address, credit or debit card number and the card's expiry date. This allows us to process and fulfil your order and to notify you of the status of your request. We may also ask for your telephone number which enables us to contact you urgently if there is a problem with your order.  By submitting information to Wiggle you consent to the collection and use of this information by Wiggle and it's Service Provider (if any). If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.  Your e-mail address will be used to communicate with you about your order and products purchased.  If you have opted to receive marketing emails from us, we will send you information and stories in which we believe you will be interested. It is possible to unsubscribe at any time, via the My Account section of Wiggle https://www.wiggle.com/secure/myaccount If you do not wish to receive information about our products or services you can unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe link, which exists at the top of all marketing emails sent by Wiggle, or by managing your subscription status in your account pages on the Wiggle website.  We have designed our site to protect the information we collect online from unauthorized access. We safeguard your private information by implementing the appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedure necessary to protect your privacy. To further protect your security, we also take the reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to your personal profile or making data changes. We are committed to protecting your privacy and have security measures in place to prevent unauthorized access to and disclosure of your personal information.  Wiggle does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. To better tailor our services to our customers' needs, we use non-identifying and aggregate information to help us make decisions on how to improve Wiggle. We also share this generic information with our advertisers and other interested, reputable parties with whom we have established a formal business relationship. For example, we may tell advertisers which areas of the site have received the most customer traffic overall, or more specifically, how many customer types have visited certain pages. However, we do not disclose the identifying information of individual customers with advertisers. We also do not use or share the personally identifiable information submitted to us by any other means without providing our customers the choice to opt-out or otherwise bar such unrelated uses.  Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer's (or alternative web browsing device’s) hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide rich shopping features such as recommend products and loyalty discounts, as well as the storage of items in your Shopping Basket between visits. The Help menu in most common browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Wiggle’s essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Wiggle.co.uk features that require you to Sign in. If you do leave cookies turned on, be sure to sign off when you finish using a shared computer.  Google Analytics is a system used by many websites to record information about visits to their website. Google set six different cookies with expiry dates ranging from 30 minutes to 2 years. These cookies are used mainly to differentiate between first time visitors to a website and repeat visitors. They also allow us to ensure our website performs as well as possible for our users. The cookies are able to collect an anonymous customer number when a user is logged into the website, allowing our backend systems to ensure accuracy of Google Analytics data and help us ensure your website experience remains relevant across devices. They do not contain any personally identifiable information. You can find out more about how Google use cookies at http://www.google.co.uk/policies/privacy/ (English only). These cookies may be used to help us target advertising on platform providers such as Google and Facebook.  Please read our full Cookie Policy for further information.  Wiggle may from time to time share your details with third party analytical resources for the purposes of better understanding customer behaviour and performance, website performance, improved ad relevance and any other analytical process to give Wiggle a better understanding of how to develop its offering to its customers. These third parties will be employed solely for the purpose of the aforementioned analytical purposes, and as such Wiggle will ensure that the third party is contractually obliged to use the data only for the analytical purposes set out in the agreement between Wiggle and the third party, and Wiggle will also ensure that the third party is contractually required to maintain a level of security around the shared data, at least as safe as Wiggle itself employs. Failure on the part of the third party to meet its contractual obligations will result in Wiggle recovering the data, and taking all reasonable actions to ensure the third party no longer has access to the shared data. Any third party cookies used on Wiggle will adhere to the same standards as first party cookies and not collect any personally identifiable information.  Social Media Plug-ins for Facebook and Twitter obtain data for tracking purposes. This included the ability to track an audience across device for advertising purposes in line with the Terms of each social media platform.  The above privacy statement may not be applicable in all countries of Wiggle visitors or registered community users, as security policies may vary according to the individual Internet laws in each host country.  You can also email us to stop receiving any information about us and our services by clicking here. If you have any queries about our Privacy Statement you should contact us by e-mail data@wiggle.co.uk.  Sign up to get our latest products, top deals and inspiring stories straight to your inbox.  Finance provided by PayPal Credit. Terms and conditions apply. Credit subject to status, UK residents only, Wiggle Ltd acts as a broker and offers finance from a restricted range of finance providers, PayPal Credit is a trading name of PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l et Cie, S.C.A. 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg.  Wiggle Ltd. 1000 Lakeside, Suite 310, Third Floor N E Wing, Portsmouth, Hampshire, PO6 3EN, United Kingdom  VAT No: GB 884 2571 94 | Company No: 02667809  Finance provided by PayPal Credit. Terms and conditions apply. Credit subject to status, UK residents only, Wiggle Ltd acts as a broker and offers finance from a restricted range of finance providers, PayPal Credit is a trading name of PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l et Cie, S.C.A. 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg.  Wiggle Ltd. 1000 Lakeside, Suite 310, Third Floor N E Wing, Portsmouth, Hampshire, PO6 3EN, United Kingdom  VAT No: GB 884 2571 94 | Company No: 02667809 