Sky Sports - Sports News, Transfers, Scores | Watch Live Sport  Indian openers in century stand; Rohit has fifty LIVE!  Watch live on Sky Sports  Tuchel's home targets after Euro triumph  Solskjaer: Nothing beyond Man Utd this season  Watch Superchargers vs Originals LIVE!  Trent on VVD's return, Konate's arrival, fans back at Anfield  Newcastle agree personal terms with Willock  Transfer Centre LIVE! Messi, Kane, Shaqiri, Lukaku latest  2nd Test: England vs India  Get a Sky Sports Pass  Get a Sky Sports Pass  Ole 'very happy' with Utd transfer business  Arteta hints at more incomings for Arsenal  Gerrard: Realistic bids will be considered  'Haaland is dreaming of the Premier League'  Hasenhuttl: We will replace Vestergaard  Hasenhuttl confident Ward-Prowse will stay  Will Mbappe sign new PSG deal?  Ole: Sancho one of Europe's most creative  How much would signing Haaland cost?  Messi's incredible welcome by PSG fans!  Was backheel flick a moment of genius or fluke?!  Leyton Orient 1-1 QPR (pens 3-5)  Adomah celebrates with QPR fans  Burton 1-1 Oxford Utd (2-4 pens)  Ravel Morrison scores a screamer on Derby debut!  Derby 3-3 Salford (Derby win 5-3 on pens)  Hasenhuttl confident Ward-Prowse will stay  Best of Roy Keane 2020/21  Best PL Opening Day Goals - Part 2  How will VAR changes affect the game?  Maguire: Sancho can be a star  Tuchel: Kepa sub was discussed with Mendy  Trent: Van Dijk an amazing leader  Top 10 Bundesliga assists 2020/21  Foden: I was devastated to miss the final  Bardsley: Chelsea rivalry makes us better  Rodrigues and Butcher play guitar!  Spirit register first win in Hundred  Spirit beat Originals in thriller  Knight delighted with hard-fought win  Hamilton's points lead confirmed as Aston Martin end Vettel appeal  Lukaku arrives in London to complete Chelsea move  FREE LIVE STREAM: Women's Scottish Open  Haye announces return to boxing  Kane could return to Spurs training on Friday  Arteta: Anything possible in final weeks of transfer window  Bielsa says contract situation 'resolved'  Challenge Cup final to take place at Spurs' stadium in 2022  Atherton: English schedule is a joke  Best of Roy Keane 2020/21  Was backheel flick a moment of genius or fluke?!  Messi's incredible welcome by PSG fans!  Ole: Sancho one of Europe's most creative  2 For 1 Football Channel Offer - Sky Sports Premier League & Football for £18 Extra a Month  GolfPass is now available on Sky Q with an exclusive offer for Sky VIP customers  Tuchel's home targets after Euro triumph  Trent on VVD's return, Konate's arrival, fans back at Anfield  Can Man Utd bridge gap to City?  Solskjaer: Nothing beyond Man Utd this season  Newcastle agree personal terms with Willock  Have Arsenal done enough to climb the table?  Arteta: Anything possible in final weeks of transfer window  Haye announces return to boxing  Messi: I chose PSG to win Champions League again  Lukaku arrives in London to complete Chelsea move  Carra: Welcome back fans, lifeblood of football  Canavan: Disruption means Tyrone have a mountain to climb  Clarke: League at its best  Can Man Utd bridge gap to City?  How Brentford completed remarkable rise to PL  Have Arsenal done enough to climb the table?  Podcast: 21/22 Premier League season preview  Hard Knocks: NFL soap-opera returns to Dallas  Prince Andrew 'not above the law', says Met police chief – as her team having 'another look at the material'  Rescue effort launched after boat carrying around 40 migrants begins to sink in Channel  'A kind and thoughtful soul': Tributes paid as police name woman, 32, killed in London bus crash 