Security & privacy | Monsoon UK.  "messageForInvalid": "Oops, that doesn’t seem to be a valid email, please try again",  "messageForInconclusive": "Result could not be determined",  "messageForCatchAll": "The address being checked will be accepted, but may be returned later.",  "messageForGreyListed": "Mail server declined to indicate whether the address was valid or not due to a greylisting rule"  Please enable cookies in your web browser to improve your shopping experience  Your browser’s Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you experience this sites full capabilities  Final clearance - up to 70% off -  New In Womens Accessories & Shoes  Summer styles made for always  Baby Girl Coats & Jackets  Baby Girl Sets & Outfits  Baby Girl Rompers & Jumpsuits  Baby Girl Beach & Swimwear  Back to School Clothing & Accessories  Back to School Shoes & Accessories  Boys Trousers, Jeans & Shorts  Boys Knitwear, Sweatshirts & Hoodies  Teen Girls Clothing & Shoes  Flower Girl Dresses & Accessories  Wedding Guest Dresses & Outfits  Page Boy Suits & Outfits  Summer Vest Tops & Camis  Girls Summer Beach & Swimwear  Girls Summer Playsuits and Jumpsuits  Girls Summer Tops & T-shirts  Girls Summer Skirts & Shorts  Children's Summer Sandals & Flip Flops  Trousers, Jeans & Leggings Sale  Last Chance to Buy Women's Sale  Childrens Casualwear 0-15 Years Sale  Childrens Jackets & Coats Sale  Childrens Partywear 0-15 Years Sale  Childrens Beach & Swimwear Sale  Baby Girl 0-3 Years Sale  Childrens Shoes & Accessories Sale  Last Chance to Buy Children's Sale  up to 70% off allsale styles  Don't you have an account?  Your shopping bag is empty  Monsoon Brands Limited is the owner of this Website and responsible for any personal data (as that term is defined in the Data Protection Act 1998) you submit via the Website. We are notified with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office under registration number Z8135089, and are regulated by the ICO. If you have any complaints about our security or handling of your personal which we haven’t been able to resolve with you, you can contact the ICO at www.ico.org.uk.  When you shop with us we’ll ask you for certain information (such as your email address, name, address, and where you purchase a product, your payment details) to make sure that your order and delivery go smoothly. Any information you hand over reaches us fully encrypted through an SSL – a special security layer added to your account and checkout pages. You can see when you’re on a secure page, because the address in your browser will begin with https instead of http. And you can sleep easy, because your credit card details are processed in the UK.  Verified by Visa & Mastercard securecode  You can register with Visa and Mastercard Securecode through your card issuing bank. It will bring up an extra security window after you check out that requires you to input digits from a pass code that you’ll have set with your bank.  When you choose to pay with Paypal, your financial information isn’t even shared with us.  Remember to keep your account password safe! We can help you to reset it now and then, but you’ll need to make sure that it stays with you and only you. Giving it out can represent a security risk and Monsoon Accessorize will not be liable for any loss or damage that might arise from this.  How we use your information  When you input your information into the website, we store it securely and might use it for:  Helping to process your orders  Providing admin support for your account  Crime and fraud prevention (when we might also share it with the police or other authorities if required by law)  Marketing (subject to your account preferences, which you can change in My Account)  Administering promotions or competitions (when we might also need to share the information with third parties in order to deliver you your prize!)  Analysis of our customer base and profiling in order to decide which products or services you might prefer and so these are tailored to you  Except as listed above, or to our other group companies who are involved in processing orders/administrative support, we don’t share your information with any third parties except our suppliers or processors who we’ve checked out first and who we appoint to work with us to provide services to you. These suppliers include the teams delivering products to you and our marketing agencies.  We only keep your information as long as we need to, for the purposes listed above. When we don’t need it any more we delete it securely. Please note if you ask us to stop processing your information for marketing purposes, we may need to actually retain some of it to ensure your details are kept on our marketing suppression lists.  If you’d like to know what information we hold about you or have any queries about the security or our processing of your information, please contact Customer Services  Cookies & how to manage your preferences  Most websites use cookies, and we do too, to keep offering you the best service. A cookie is way of transferring little bits of information from our website back to us, which means, for example, that we can see which pages or products are our most popular and then create a better experience for you in future.  There are a few different kinds of cookies and they each do slightly different things.  These simply enable you to browse our website and use all our functions, like your Shopping Bag or Account pages.  These help us to understand how our customers are using our website, and we use this information to constantly improve the way we do things.  These help us to make sure your online experience is simple, easy and relevant to you.  We sometimes run online advertising campaigns, and, if we think you’ll be interested in what we have to say, targeting cookies will help us to deliver that message to you. More importantly, they limit the amount of times you see any of our ads.  To find out more about cookies and how you can manage your cookie preferences please visit DAA  It may be that there’s a firewall blocking your access to secure pages. Some businesses or networks use firewalls to moderate the content employees or users can see. Try contacting your IT team to request access.  Finding your card's security code  On most credit and debit cards, this code is found on the reverse of your card. Take the last three digits of the number on your signature strip – that should be it. On American Express cards, look for a four-digit number on the front.  Verified by Visa & Mastercard securecode  If you’re having issues with your password for this, you’ll need to contact your card-issuing bank. We don’t have access to any of your account information for Visa and Mastercard Securecode.  To find out more about cookies and how you can manage your cookie preferences please visit DAA  Stay in touch with us  Get new arrivals, styling inspiration and exclusive offers straight to your inbox  We are sorry we were not able to subscribe you at this moment, please try again later.  Sign me up for the Monsoon emails, featuring exclusive offers, latest product info, news about upcoming events and more.  Please see our Privacy Policy for more details  Thank you for your subscription!  Please check your email for confirmation.  © 2020 MONSOON BRANDS LTD All rights reserved 