All Inclusive Holidays and Package Holidays 2021/2022 | Jet2holidays  Speak to one of our travel experts in our UK Call Centre:  You can also find a travel agent near you.  View all reasons to book  Discover the world’s best cities with Jet2CityBreaks. We wrap up return flights, accommodation and 22kg baggage into one ATOL-protected package.  For the freedom of your own space and the perks of a package holiday, choose Jet2Villas. Your villa, return flights, 22kg baggage and hire car are all included to make things easier for you!  Treat yourself to one of our ultra-luxurious holidays. All our Indulgent Escapes include a swanky five-star hotel, return flights, 25kg baggage and private hotel transfers.  From party pads to chilled spots, we've clubbed getaways into groups to help you find your match. And your return flights, transfers, hotel and 22kg baggage are all included.  View all city break destinations  All Inclusive deals by month  Family holiday deals by month  Discover the latest discounts and offers, including Bid for a Break and £10pp off when you book via our app.  Search holidays with Free Child Places and enjoy more for your money.  Find all the best holiday deals in one place!  Sign up to our emails for sunshine deals straight to your inbox.  Save, compare and share all the holidays you love with at-a-glance shortlists. Login to Shortlists on a desktop, tablet or mobile to book the holidays you’ve saved at any time.  Save holidays to your shortlist  Save and view holiday shortlists  Save and view holiday shortlists  Don't worry, we'll never post anything without your permission  Error occurred while trying to login using Facebook. Please try again, or alternatively you can create a Jet2holidays account using your preferred email address.  Sorry, we were unable to log you in. Please check your email and password are correct.  Don't worry, we'll never post anything without your permission  Error occurred while trying to login using Facebook. Please try again, or alternatively you can create a Jet2holidays account using your preferred email address.  Sorry, we were unable to sign you up.  This email address is already being used. You may have previously registered or have a myJet2 account.  By submitting this form I am agreeing to receive marketing emails from Jet2Holidays. You can let us know at any time if you no longer want to receive emails by clicking here.  We process your data in accordance to our Privacy Policy.  Sorry, we were unable to find your email address.  Discover the latest discounts and offers, including Bid for a Break and £10pp off when you book via our app.  Search holidays with Free Child Places and enjoy more for your money.  Find all the best holiday deals in one place!  Sign up to our emails for sunshine deals straight to your inbox.  To search for a hotel please select one departure airport  No matches found Show more results Leaving  Great news - you can change the duration of your holiday from  We're the only UK operator to offer durations this flexible!  Save, compare and share all the holidays you love with at-a-glance shortlists. Login to Shortlists on a desktop, tablet or mobile to book the holidays you’ve saved at any time.  Save holidays to your shortlist  Save and view holiday shortlists  Login to see all your saved holidays  Don't worry, we'll never post anything without your permission  This email address is already being used. You may have previously registered or have a myJet2 account.  Error occurred while trying to login using Facebook. Please try again, or alternatively you can create a Jet2holidays account using your preferred email address.  We require the email address that you provided on Facebook. Please try again and confirm the email permission, or alternatively you can create a Jet2holidays account using your preferred email address.  Sorry, we were unable to sign you up.  Don't worry, we'll never post anything without your permission  Sorry, we were unable to log you in. Please check your email and password are correct.  Error occurred while trying to login using Facebook. Please try again, or alternatively you can create a Jet2holidays account using your preferred email address.  We require the email address that you provided on Facebook. Please try again and confirm the email permission, or alternatively you can create a Jet2holidays account using your preferred email address.  Sorry, we were unable to find your email address.  Green and Amber List updates  Last updated: 05 August 2021, 11:50 Following the latest UK Government announcement, we’re busy working on what exactly this means for our holidays departing from different parts of the UK. The good news is, even more destinations have been added to the UK Government’s Green and Amber Lists.  If your booking is affected in any way, we’ll be in touch with you soon. We kindly ask you to hold off from contacting us and wait for us to get in touch with more details as soon as we can. If you’re thinking of changing or cancelling your booking, take a look at our Traffic Light Update here and Changes and Refunds Policy here.  Ahead of your holiday, please visit our website regularly right up to just before you’re due to depart, when we’ll have all the latest travel requirements. Please note, if you’re fully vaccinated or under 18, the same UK entry requirements apply for Green and Amber list destinations. We’d recommend that you don’t start arranging things like COVID-19 tests until closer to your time of travel, as travel requirements both here and abroad can change. Where can I go now if I'm... fully vaccinated and over 18not fully vaccinated and over 18fully vaccinated and travelling with kidsnot fully vaccinated and travelling with kids View all  Just so you know, you can travel to all the destinations below and not self-isolate on return to the UK. But make sure you consider the age and vaccination status of everyone you're travelling with, as requirements vary.  Just so you know, you can travel to all the Green List destinations below and not self-isolate on return to the UK.  Please note, if you're not fully vaccinated and are happy to self-isolate, you’re still welcome to travel to Amber List destinations.  Just so you know, you and any children aged 17 and under can travel to all the destinations below and not self-isolate on return to the UK. But make sure you consider the age and vaccination status of everyone you're travelling with, as requirements vary.  Just so you know, you and any children aged 17 and under can travel to all the Green List destinations below and not self-isolate on return to the UK.  Please note, if you're not fully vaccinated and are happy to self-isolate, you’re still welcome to travel to Amber List destinations.  Feel safe and secure with Jet2holidays  Feel safe and secure with Jet2holidays  Get the holiday you deserve  All our holidays are ABTA and ATOL-protected to keep you and your money safe  With our Changes and Refunds Policy, if we have to cancel, we guarantee a speedy and smooth refund*.  Our Defaqto 5* travel insurance includes COVID-19 cover and is available now.  Spread the cost of your holiday into interest-free monthly payments, with zero payment fees.*  Everything from onboard cleaning to in-resort care is in line with official guidelines.  VIP customer service is what we do best – but don’t just take our word for it…  When would you like to go on holiday?  Stretch out that summer feeling with a winter sun holiday. There are blue skies, warm climes and gorgeous sunshine to enjoy throughout Europe, so you can say goodbye to long haul flights and hello to the Canary Islands, Madeira, Cyprus and more.  Want something to look forward to? Get your holiday sorted for next summer! Along with all our sunshine classics, we’ve got some exciting new destinations to choose from. It all starts with just a £60pp deposit*, plus, you can spread the cost with Pay Monthly*.  Plan ahead and organise your Winter 22/23 holiday! By booking now, you can secure some winter sunshine for just a £60pp deposit* then spread the rest with Pay Monthly*. So where’s it going to be – the Canary Islands, Madeira, Cyprus or Turkey?  Hotel Chain of the Week  Choose Jet2holidays - we're here for you  Hundreds of In-resort Customer Helpers  Big choice of board options  TripAdvisor Best Airline UK 2020  Pay Monthly with zero payment fees*  One of the top 10 airlines in the world  Feefo - Platinum Trusted Service  Free Child Places for families of 3 or more*  All infants under two go free  Range of 2-5 star accommodation  Lots of great flight times  Hundreds of In-resort Customer Helpers  Big choice of board options  TripAdvisor Best Airline UK 2020  Pay Monthly with zero payment fees*  One of the top 10 airlines in the world  Feefo - Platinum Trusted Service  Free Child Places for families of 3 or more*  All infants under two go free  Range of 2-5 star accommodation  Lots of great flight times  Hundreds of In-resort Customer Helpers  Big choice of board options  Jet2holidays - The home of Real Package Holidays™  Explore some of our great destinations... View all  All UK Airports Belfast Birmingham Bristol Edinburgh East Midlands Glasgow Intl Leeds Bradford Manchester Newcastle London Stansted  Ibiza Holidays Majorca Holidays Menorca Holidays  Fuerteventura Holidays Gran Canaria Holidays Lanzarote Holidays Tenerife Holidays  Dubrovnik Area Holidays Split Area Holidays  Larnaca Area Holidays Paphos Area Holidays  Provence Holidays French Riviera Holidays  Corfu Holidays Crete (Chania Area) Holidays Crete (Heraklion Area) Holidays Halkidiki Holidays Kalymnos Island Holidays Kefalonia Holidays Kos Holidays Lefkas Holidays Lesvos Holidays Mykonos  Holidays Parga Area Holidays Peloponnese Holidays Rhodes Holidays Santorini  Holidays Skiathos Holidays Zante Holidays  Lake Garda Holidays Sardinia Holidays Sicily Holidays Sorrento Area Holidays Tuscany Holidays Venetian Riviera Holidays  Montenegro (Tivat Airport) Holidays Montenegro (Dubrovnik Airport) Holidays  Lisbon Coast Holidays Madeira Holidays The Algarve Holidays  Costa Blanca Holidays Costa Brava Holidays Costa Calida (Alicante) Holidays Costa de Almeria Holidays Costa del Sol Holidays Costa Dorada Holidays  Antalya Area Holidays Bodrum Area Holidays Dalaman Area Holidays Izmir Area Holidays  All UK Airports Belfast Birmingham Bristol Edinburgh East Midlands Glasgow Intl Leeds Bradford Manchester Newcastle London Stansted  Salzburg City Breaks Vienna City Breaks  Las Palmas City City Breaks  Cannes City Breaks Nice City Breaks Paris City Breaks  Berlin Christmas Markets Cologne Christmas Markets breaks  Athens City Breaks Thessaloniki City Breaks  Catania City Breaks Florence City Breaks Lucca City Breaks Naples City Breaks Olbia City Breaks Pisa City Breaks Rome City Breaks Venice City Breaks Verona City Breaks  Faro City Breaks Funchal City Breaks Lisbon City Breaks  Alicante City Breaks Barcelona City Breaks Girona City Breaks Malaga City Breaks  Flying from All UK Airports Belfast Birmingham Bristol Edinburgh East Midlands Glasgow Intl Leeds Bradford Manchester Newcastle London Stansted  Ibiza Villa Holidays Majorca Villa Holidays Menorca Villa Holidays  Fuerteventura Villa Holidays Gran Canaria Villa Holidays Lanzarote Villa Holidays Tenerife Villa Holidays  Dubrovnik Area Villa Holidays Split Area Villa Holidays  Larnaca Area Villa Holidays Paphos Area Villa Holidays  Provence Villa Holidays French Riviera Villa Holidays  Corfu Villa Holidays Crete (Chania Area) Villa Holidays Crete (Heraklion Area) Villa Holidays Halkidiki Villa Holidays Kefalonia Villa Holidays Lefkas Villa Holidays Mykonos  Villa Holidays Parga Area Villa Holidays Peloponnese Villa Holidays Rhodes Villa Holidays Santorini  Villa Holidays Skiathos Villa Holidays Zante Villa Holidays  Sardinia Villa Holidays Sorrento Area Villa Holidays Tuscany Villa Holidays  Malta and Gozo Villa Holidays  Montenegro (Tivat Airport) Villa Holidays  Madeira Villa Holidays The Algarve Villa Holidays  Costa Blanca Villa Holidays Costa Brava Villa Holidays Costa Calida (Alicante) Villa Holidays Costa de Almeria Villa Holidays Costa del Sol Villa Holidays Costa Dorada Villa Holidays  Bodrum Area Villa Holidays Dalaman Area Villa Holidays  Here at Jet2holidays, we’re proud to be the UK’s second largest tour operator and deliver Package Holidays You Can Trust. With accommodation, return flights, transfers and a 22kg baggage allowance wrapped up into an ATOL-protected package holiday, it’s no wonder we take millions of happy customers away each year! We’ve got thousands of 2 to 5-star hotels to pick from, along with a variety of board options that range from Self Catering to All Inclusive Plus. Not to mention family-friendly deals with our Free Child Places*! Our hotels can be found across more than 70 sun and city holiday destinations in Europe and beyond. Among our sunshine collection we’ve got classics such as Spanish holidays to the Costa Blanca, Majorca and Tenerife, along with gems of the Mediterranean, such as Cyprus, Greece and Malta. There are city breaks to Rome, Barcelona, Paris and Prague too if you’re after a cultured getaway to one of the world’s best cities. Best of all, you can secure your ideal holiday straight away with an ultra-low £60pp deposit* and spread the remaining cost with Pay Monthly*! Enjoy peace of mind knowing you’re booking with a Which? Recommended Provider and Tripadvisor’s Best Airline – UK.  Sign up for our email service  Sign up By submitting this form, you are agreeing to receive marketing emails from Jet2holidays. You can unsubscribe at any time. We process your data in accordance to our Privacy Policy. View Full Prize Draw Terms & Conditons  Give us a callPrefer to speak to one of our expert holiday advisors? 0800 408 0778  Speak to one of our travel experts in our UK Call Centre:  You can also find a travel agent near you.  Get exclusive offers now!Sign up for our email deals, discounts and more!  Sign up By submitting this form, you are agreeing to receive marketing emails from Jet2holidays. You can unsubscribe at any time. We process your data in accordance to our Privacy Policy.  Holidays made easy with our app  Everything you need to search, book and manage your holiday in one handy place..  Get app-exclusive offers and search easily  Save bookings and see details  Check-in and get boarding passes  Staying safe and healthy abroad  The Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office have advice for staying safe and well abroad. To find out more about security, local laws and the latest travel information for your holiday destination, visit FCDO Travel Aware website Keep up to date with current health information for your destination: Health and Medical Advice  Some of our photos and recommendations may not represent how things are at the moment because of COVID-19. However, your safety is our number one priority, so be assured that everything from onboard cleaning to in-resort care is in line with official guidelines.  ©Jet2holidays.com 2002-21 A subsidiary of  Privacy Preference CenterYour PrivacyYour PrivacyWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.Strictly Necessary CookiesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Cookies Details‎Performance CookiesPerformance Cookies  Performance CookiesThese cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Cookies Details‎Functional CookiesFunctional Cookies  Functional CookiesThese cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Cookies Details‎Targeting CookiesTargeting Cookies  Targeting CookiesThese cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Cookies Details‎Back ButtonAdvertising Cookies Filter Button Select All Vendors Select All HostsSelect All REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-HOST-ID33Across33AcrossView Third Party CookiesNamecookie nameHostcookie hostDurationcookie durationTypecookie typeCategorycookie categoryDescriptioncookie category REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-VENDOR-ID33Across3 PurposesView Privacy NoticeConsent PurposesLocation Based AdsConsent AllowedLegitimate Interest PurposesPersonalizeRequire Opt-Out FeaturesLocation Based AdsClear Fliters Information storage and accessApplyAllow all Confirm my choicesWe use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. Click 'Ok, got it' to accept or learn more about managing your cookies.Learn more Ok, got it