California Privacy Notice – Discogs  Effective date: January 1, 2020  Below please find important information for California consumers (“You” or “Your”) related to the services provided by Zink Media, LLC (d/b/a Discogs) and our affiliates (“We”, “Our” “Us” or “Discogs”) pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act.  This notice applies to the personal information We collect on Our websites, discogs.com (including subdomains) and nearmint.io, and through any associated service, including applications and Application Program Interfaces (“APIs”), (collectively, the “Service”).  Additional information about Our privacy practices is detailed in Our Privacy Policy.  You can contact Us about Our Privacy Policy and Our practices via Our Help Center or at privacy [at] discogs [dot] com.  Right to Know About Personal Information Collected  We collect certain categories of information about You when You visit or use Our Service.  The list of categories, including the business or commercial purpose, and additional disclosure information is set forth in the “Information Collected” and “Information Sharing and DIsclosure” sections of Our Privacy Policy.  Do Not Sell My Personal Information/Notice of Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information  We allow targeting, performance, and social media cookies to be placed on Our sites by third parties for other valuable consideration for the purpose of targeted advertising by programmatic advertisers, analytics for Service performance reviews and improvements, and social media interactions, respectively.  These third parties use information from cookies, such as Your geolocation and browsing behavior to serve You personalized advertisements. We do not otherwise “sell” (as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act) any personal information.  If You are a California site visitor or user, then You must select the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link available on the Service to block (opt out of) all targeting, performance, and social media cookies from Our Service on Your device.  Opting out via the link will place a strictly necessary cookie on Your device to identify You in future interactions with Our Service so that targeting, performance, and social media cookies are not placed during those subsequent interactions. Since this action must be performed by a person using Your device, We do not conduct any identity verification with respect to Your exercise of this right. You may contact Us at privacy [at] discogs [dot] com for additional information about Your opt out rights.  Please see the Cookie and Internet Advertising Policy for additional information about cookies on or related to Our Service and steps You can take with respect to those cookies and Our Privacy Policy for additional information about Our practices.  Right to Know and Right to Delete  You may submit a request for the categories and/or specific information that We have collected about you or a request that We delete any personal information about You that We have collected, subject to certain exceptions.  Refer to the “Your Right to Access, Alter, or Erase Your Personal Information” section of the Privacy Policy for information on submitting requests pursuant to Your Right to Know and Right to Delete.  Still have questions? Submit a request.  Why Are Some Items Blocked In The Discogs Marketplace?  California Employees, Contractors, And Job Applicants  How To Adjust Account, Notification & Other Privacy Preferences  Application Name and Description Policy  Let's manage your privacy We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.Read our Cookie and Internet Advertising PolicyWe and our partners process data to provide:Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Use precise geolocation data. Measure content performance. Store and/or access information on a device. Select personalised content. Develop and improve products. Apply market research to generate audience insights. Create a personalised content profile. Personalised ads, and ad measurement.  View our list of partners (vendors)  Reject all unnecessary cookies Show purposes