Accordion is closed, click to open.  Accordion is closed, click to open.  Accordion is open, click to close.  Click to see cart items  NVIDIA RTX in Professional Laptops  NVIDIA RTX Data Science Workstation  Cloud-AI Video Streaming - Maxine  Intelligent Video Analytics - Metropolis  Data Center and Cloud Computing  Cloud-AI Video Streaming - Maxine  Intelligent Video Analytics - Metropolis  Parallel Programming - CUDA Toolkit  Edge AI applications - Jetpack  BlueField data processing - DOCA  Accelerated Libraries - CUDA-X Libraries  Deep Learning Inference - TensorRT  Deep Learning Training - cuDNN  Intelligent Video Analytics - DeepStream  Data Center & IT Resources  Vision AI - Deepstream SDK  NVIDIA RTX in Professional Laptops  NVIDIA RTX Data Science Workstation  Cloud-AI Video Streaming - Maxine  Intelligent Video Analytics - Metropolis  Data Center and Cloud Computing  Cloud-AI Video Streaming - Maxine  Intelligent Video Analytics - Metropolis  Parallel Programming - CUDA Toolkit  Edge AI applications - Jetpack  BlueField data processing - DOCA  Accelerated Libraries - CUDA-X Libraries  Deep Learning Inference - TensorRT  Deep Learning Training - cuDNN  Intelligent Video Analytics - DeepStream  Data Center & IT Resources  Vision AI - Deepstream SDK  This site requires Javascript in order to view all its content. Please enable Javascript in order to access all the functionality of this web site. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.  HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PRIVACY  We promise to protect your privacy and your data.  Our NVIDIA Privacy Policy explains what data we collect and what we do with it. We never sell your data.  If you have a registered NVIDIA account, you can change your privacy settings at any time.  GeForce Experience helps you configure your graphics card for the best gaming and content creation performance, get software updates and new features, such as tools for you to record and broadcast your gameplay, and redeem codes for free games.  To make this happen, we need to know your PC’s hardware, software for gaming and content creation (including settings, usage, and how well they run), GeForce Experience feature usage, and geographical region.  If you opt-in to recommendations, we will show you games, apps, and rewards that you might enjoy. If you opt-in to sharing technical data, you’ll send us error logs to help us find and fix bugs. You can configure collection and usage of your data by visiting Privacy Settings.  View more details on GeForce Experience data  GeForce Graphics Drivers is an essential software that controls the graphics card – it is the operating system of your GeForce graphics card.  If you opt-in to send us technical and error data from your driver, you help us find and fix bugs. This data includes your hardware, software for gaming (including their settings, usage, and how well they run), driver feature usage, error logs, and geographical region.  You can choose to send us this data when you install the drivers, or through the NVIDIA Control Panel by selecting Help from the menu bar, then clicking on ‘Send technical and error data to NVIDIA’ so that the check mark is showing. You can opt-out anytime by clicking again to clear the check mark.  GeForce NOW (GFN) is a service that allows you to play your PC games from the cloud to your Mac, PC, SHIELD, and mobile devices.  To allow the service to stream games to your machine at the best performance and highest quality, we need to know your geographical region, internet speed, games played, session data and system information such as CPU, GPU, and system memory. If GeForce NOW is provided by a GeForce NOW Alliance Partner, we will share with them certain information such as your feedback and data relating to quality and usage so they can better service you.  If you opt-in to recommendations, we will show you games that you might enjoy. If you opt-in to sharing technical data, NVIDIA will collect additional feature usage (like your common search terms to find the game you want faster) and error logs to help us improve our quality of service.  You can set your privacy preferences by  visiting Privacy Settings.  SHIELD TV connects to your TV to stream your favorite TV shows, movies, and games.  To run and update SHIELD, we need to know your software version numbers, geographical region, and serial number. We do not store this data after use.  If you use the NVIDIA Games app, we need to know data such as geographical region, internet speed, and device model to operate the app. To stream games to SHIELD at the best performance and highest quality using GeForce NOW or GameStream services, we also need to know your games played, session data, and system information.  If you opt-in to recommendations, we will show you games, apps, and rewards that you might enjoy. If you opt-in to sharing technical data from your SHIELD TV or the NVIDIA Games app, you help us find and fix bugs and improve the quality of service. This data includes your hardware, software (including settings, usage, and how well they run), feature usage, error logs, and geographical region. You can configure collection and usage of your data by visiting Privacy Settings.  The NVIDIA Developer Program connects developers with tools to build GPU-accelerated applications. When you participate in Developer Program activities, NVIDIA collects information about your forums contributions, bugs filed, files downloaded, training completion/certification, and event registration. We do this to get your feedback and improve our services.  We request your email address to communicate product updates and bug fixes. And, with your permission, NVIDIA will share news and information about upcoming developer webinars and events that may be of interest to you. You can change your Developer Program email preferences here.  We collect NVIDIA Developer Forums usage information, such as IP address, login history and interactions with other users, in order to moderate spam and offensive content. NVIDIA will also send you email notifications when, for example, another user sends you a private direct message.  * If you have a registered NVIDIA account, you can change your privacy settings at any time.  Copyright © 2021 NVIDIA Corporation