Privacy and cookies - Citizens Advice  We use cookies to improve your experience of our website. You can find out more or opt-out from some cookies.  Coronavirus – getting benefits if you’re self-isolating  Coronavirus – check if there are changes to your benefits  Help on a low income  Sick or disabled people and carers  Support for mortgage interest (SMI)  Coronavirus - being furloughed if you can’t work  Coronavirus - if you have problems getting your furlough pay  Coronavirus - if you're self-employed  Coronavirus - if you're worried about working  Coronavirus - if you need to be off work to care for someone  Template letter to raise a grievance at work  If you can’t pay your bills because of coronavirus  Action your creditor can take  View all in Debt and money  Write a letter to your creditors  If you want a refund because of coronavirus  Problems with a used car  Coronavirus - if you have problems with renting  Renting from the council or a housing association  Living together, marriage and civil partnership  Making agreements about your children  If you were living together  Complaining about social care services  What does it mean to have power of attorney?  Child abuse - advice and support  Advice for people affected by child abuse.  Claiming compensation for a personal injury  Help for victims of rape and sexual violence  Staying in the UK after Brexit  Getting a visa for your spouse or partner  Getting a visa for family and friends  Staying in the UK after a divorce  If you've overstayed your visa or leave  If you're in the UK illegally  After you get refugee status  Coronavirus - rules you need to follow  Discrimination in health and care services  Going abroad for dental care  NHS and social care complaints  What health care can I get on the NHS?  NHS Choices - Information on hospitals, conditions and treatments.  NHS and adult social care complaints  Find out how to complain about your doctor or health visitor.  Learn more about Citizens Advice  Find your local Citizens Advice  Read what we're saying about a range of issues  This advice applies to England:  Advice can vary depending on where you live.  Advice for other parts of the UK:  Find out how we collect, use and store your personal information and data - including when you access our advice services or browse our website.  Find out how we collect, use and store your personal information and data. Check how to get help and report your concerns.  Find out how we use cookies when you browse the Citizens Advice website.  Is there anything wrong with this page? Let us know  A to Z of advice  Copyright ©2021 Citizens Advice. All rights reserved. Citizens Advice is an operating name of the National Association of Citizens Advice Bureaux. Registered charity number 279057 VAT number 726 0202 76 Company limited by guarantee. Registered number 01436945 England Registered office: Citizens Advice, 3rd Floor North, 200 Aldersgate, London, EC1A 4HD