Privacy policy – Help - Trade Me  Staying safe & site security  Number is greater than 10000000  Number is greater than 10000000  To calculate the Trade Me success fee for auctions listed under motorbikes, boats and other vehicles (excludes cars), enter the sale price below.  Number is greater than 10000000  Competitions and surveys terms and conditions  Book a courier restricted items  Using Trade Me's trade marks in applications  General Marketplace photo policy and guidelines  We want Trade Me to be a safe and trusted place. We do this via the products and services we build, and our commitment to your privacy. It’s important to us that you trust Trade Me and the things we do with your personal information.  This policy is straight up about how we collect, use, disclose and protect your personal information. We bring diverse people together in our Trade Me community, and we take our responsibility to protect your personal information very seriously. We collect and use your personal information to deliver our vision of making life better for Kiwis through online experiences you’ll love. We’re committed to following four principles in relation to your information:  We will respect your privacy—our brand is built on trust and integrity.  We’re committed to being transparent and honest, so you know what we do with your personal information (including if something goes wrong).  We use personal information to add value to your life.  We avoid getting involved in anything creepy that could breach your trust.  If you have any questions about your privacy or this policy, please contact us. You can also learn more about your privacy rights by talking to the Office of the Privacy Commissioner.  Read our full privacy policy.  Have a question about this policy?  Get in touch with us.  Check out our privacy policy, and our four guiding privacy principles.  Check out our privacy policy, and let us know if you have any questions.  Thank you for your feedback!  How can we make this article better?  This form is for anonymous article feedback and we aren't able to reply. If you need help, please contact us.  Try the action again, or get in touch with us.  © 2021 Trade Me Limited  Follow Trade Me on Facebook  Follow Trade Me on Twitter  © 2021 Trade Me Limited  Follow Trade Me on Facebook  Follow Trade Me on Twitter 