Cube RTX 3070 Gaming PCs  Cube RTX 3080 Gaming PCs  Cube RTX 3090 Gaming PCs  See All Custom Built PCs  GTX 1660 Super Graphics Cards  RTX 3060 Ti Graphics Cards  RTX 3070 Ti Graphics Cards  RTX 3080 Ti Graphics Cards  RX 6700 XT Graphics Cards  View all Ink & Toner  Large Build Volume 3D Printers  Snapmaker 3 in 1 3D Printer  Best PCs for Flight Sim  View All Custom Built PCs  Cube RTX 3070 Gaming PCs  Cube RTX 3080 Gaming PCs  Cube RTX 3090 Gaming PCs  Top 10 Selling Gaming Laptops  RTX 3060 Ti Graphics Cards  RX 6700 XT Graphics Cards  Best PCs for Flight Sim  All TV + Audio >  Home Theatre Cables + Adapters  Home Theatre Cables + Adapters  Cooker Hoods & Extractor Fans  iPhone 12 Pro Max Cases  Sony Xperia 1 ii Cases  Xiaomi Redmi Note 10 Cases  Xiaomi Redmi Note 10 Pro Cases  iPhone 12 Mini Screen Protectors  iPhone 12 Pro Screen Protectors  iPhone 12 Pro Max Screen Protectors  View all iPhone Screen Protectors  View Screen Protectors for all devices  Galaxy S21 Plus Screen Protectors  Galaxy S21 Ultra Screen Protectors  View all Samsung Screen Protectors  Google Pixel 5 Screen Protectors  View all Huawei Screen Protectors  OnePlus 9 Pro Screen Protectors  Xiaomi Mi 11 Screen Protectors  Xiaomi Redmi Note 10 Screen Protectors  Xiaomi Redmi Note 10 Pro Screen Protectors  View all Xiaomi Screen Protectors  Armbands + Bike Phone Mounts  Mobile Phone Cables + Adapters  We at Box Ltd are totally committed to protecting your privacy. We comply with the principles of the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 subsequently incorporating the EU Cookie Regulations of May 2011. We conform with the EU General Data Protection Regulation from 25 May 2018.  Box Ltd trading as Box.co.uk. This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you use our website www.box.co.uk and sign up to our marketing emails.  What information do we collect about you?  How will we use the information about you?  Access to your information and correction  Changes to our privacy policy  We collect information about you in order to process your order  and send you our mailshots. That information will only be shared with other  parties that are and deemed as a legitimate business interest. The information  Address’s (required to deliver your order)  Phone / Mobile Number (For  your login to our site)  (Limited details to aid future purchases and refunds)  IP Address / Browser Type  (Used for Payment / Fraud Checks)  History (To fulfil any copy invoice’s / Warranty / Returns)  Marketing Data via “Tracking Pixels / Tracking Beacon”  Recipient’s IP address, browser, email  client type, Open time / Date and other similar Details.  How will we use the  collected information about you is used to process your order, manage your  account and aid any further communication regarding your order. For example a  request for warranty / support with your purchase in the future / Product  the processing of your order, we may be required to share your details with our  Couriers – To provide required tracking and order updates for your order, Our most common courier partners are:  Finance / Payment Merchants – To complete the payment process for your order maybe:  Suppliers that offer certain ship direct product ranges:  Manufacturers only in the request of warranty work on your item we may be required to provide some Personal Data / Contact information. Ie if your product is within Warranty with a Manufacturer and we need to send the item off for repair on your behalf.  Product Reviews - In order to obtain impartial reviews on our products and service we partner with Reevoo who email you after purchase to request feedback..  In order to be able  to offer you Klarna’s payment options, we will pass to Klarna certain aspects  of your personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for  Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor  the payment options for you.  General information on Klarna you can find here. Your personal data is handled in accordance  with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna’s privacy  We will never collect sensitive information about you without your  agreement. You have a right to ask for a copy of the information which we are  holding and we will delete information or correct any inaccuracies for no  charge as soon as you make the request.  We require all third parties to respect the security of your  information and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our  third-party service providers to use your information for their own purposes  and only permit them to process your information data for specified purposes  and in accordance with our instructions.  Data will only be released to other third parties (e.g. the police  / HMRC) on request where there is a legal requirement for us to do so.  Box Limited use email marketing to reach out to our  customers / subscribers to notify you all of our great deals. If you also agree  to marketing communications, We share some of your personal information to  approved third parties to offer a range of services / offers. This choice is  offered to you during the signup process. At any time you can unsubscribe from  this by clicking here  www.box.co.uk/unsubscribe  use an award winning email client services from Mailchimp and dotdigital to send and create  our email campaigns and below are the main key facts regarding their privacy  polices which we feel are important to highlight and the full details are here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/ and here https://dotdigital.com/terms/privacy-policy/  “Quoted as at 21/10/2019 from above mailchimp url”  Personal Information that we may collect or receive about you broadly falls  receive about Contacts from our Members: A Member may provide  Personal Information about you to us through the Services. For example, when a  Member uploads their Distribution List or integrates the Services with another  website or service (for example, when a Member chooses to connect their e-commerce  account with Mailchimp), or when you sign up for a Member’s Distribution List  on a Mailchimp signup form, they may provide us with certain contact  information or other Personal Information about you such as your name, email  address, address or telephone number. You may have the opportunity to update  some of this information by electing to update or manage your preferences via  an email you receive from a Member.  collect automatically: When you interact with an email campaign  that you receive from a Member or browse or purchase from a Member’s connected  store, we may collect information about your device and interaction with an  email. We use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect some of this  information. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies is discussed  more below, and in more detail in our Cookie Statement here.  information: We collect information about the device and applications you  use to access emails sent through our Services, such as your IP address,  your operating system, your browser ID, and other information about your  usage data: We collect usage data about you whenever you interact with  emails sent through the Services, which may include dates and times you  access emails and your browsing activities (such as what pages are  viewed). We also collect information regarding the performance of the  Services, including metrics related to the deliverability of emails and  other electronic communications our Members send through the Services.  This information allows us to improve the content and operation of the  Services, and facilitate research and analysis of the Services.  collect from other sources: From time to time, we may obtain  information about you from third-party sources, such as social media platforms  and third-party data providers. We take steps to ensure that such third parties  are legally or contractually permitted to disclose such information to us, and  we use this information to provide publicly available social media information  about you to Members who have enabled the "Social Profiles" feature  Box Ltd pride ourselves on our customer service and keen to get  feedback and reviews on our products / service that you receive from Box Ltd.  We share your order details ie the product purchased and only your email  address to request a review on our service / product to help us improve our  products and services in the future.  Our Review Partner is Reevoo.com  You have the right to request a copy of the information that we  hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal  information, please email or write to us at the following address. We want to  make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may  ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate. Please  Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard  internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is  used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on  website activity. For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. You can set your browser not to accept cookies  and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser.  However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a  result. If you would like advice and assistance here please contact at data.protection@box.co.uk and we will be happy to help.  Our website sometimes contains links to other websites. This  privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites  you should read their own privacy policies.  We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place  any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 10/12/2020.  Please contact us if you have any questions about our  privacy policy or information we hold about you:  By Phone – 0121 202 0000  By Letter – FAO Data Protection Officer, Box Ltd, First  Avenue, Minworth, Sutton Coldfield, B76 1BA  In Person - Box Ltd, First Avenue, Minworth, Sutton  Got a question? Contact us:  Sign up to Box news  Representative Example: Purchase rate 21.9% p.a. (variable) | Representative 21.9% APR (variable) | Assumed Credit Limit £1,200  Credit subject to Status. Terms and Conditions apply. Box Limited acts as a broker and offers credit from PayPal Credit and Klarna AB (publ).  Box Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Our registration number is 726076  PayPal Credit is a trading name of PayPal (Europe) S.à.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal L-2449, Luxembourg. Klarna Bank AB (publ) is Authorised by the Swedish Financial Services Authority (Finansinspektionen) and is subject to limited regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority. Details about the extent of our regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority are available from us on request. Finance is only available to permanent UK residents aged 18+, subject to status, terms and conditions apply. Registered office: SveavÃƒÂ¤gen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Sweden. Corporation ID number: 556737-0431. Please note that the following product is not regulated by the FCA: Pay in 3 instalments. Please spend responsibly. Borrowing more than you can afford could seriously affect your financial status. Make sure you can afford to make your monthly repayments on time.  Intel, the Intel Logo, Intel Inside, Intel Core, and Core Inside are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries.  Copyright © 1996-2021 Box Ltd | Terms and Conditions  Box.co.uk uses cookies to deliver and improve the website experience.  See our privacy policy for further details on how we use cookies and how to change your cookie settings. 