Wayfair.uk Full Terms & Conditions  Terms and Conditions of Use and Sale  Wayfair.co.uk Gift Certificate Terms and Conditions  Wayfair.uk Full Terms & Conditions  ContentsPrivacy PolicyTerms and Conditions of Use and SaleWayfair Rewards Program TermsWayfair.co.uk Gift Certificate Terms and ConditionsBecoming a SupplierContact UsFor Media InquiriesPrivacy PolicyThis Privacy Notice takes effect on 24 August 2020.We care about our customers and know that your privacy is important to you. This Privacy Notice is our way of telling you how we collect your information, why we need it, and how we use it.For our website https://www.wayfair.co.uk (the "Site") and users of our mobile application (the "App") in the UK, and for information otherwise collected under this Privacy Notice, Wayfair Stores Limited is the data controller that is responsible for your privacy. Wayfair Stores Limited is located at Wayfair House, Tuam Road, Galway Co. Galway, Ireland.Navigating This Page Scope of ApplicationInformation we collect and how we use your informationWhen we share your informationKlarna Payment ServicesClearpay Payment ServicesBarclays FinancingCookies and Similar TechnologyCookie SettingsEmail MarketingBlogs, Reviews and ForumsSocial Media PluginsOur Security MeasuresKeeping your InformationYour Rights and ChoicesTransfers Outside of EuropeThird Party LinksChildren's PrivacyChanges to this Privacy NoticeHow to Contact Us / Data Protection OfficerScope of ApplicationThis Privacy Notice applies to your use of the Site and the App. If you visit another website, including another Wayfair website, the privacy policy of that website will apply. Please review that website's privacy policy to understand how that website operator processes your information.This Privacy Notice also applies to the information you provide to us after being presented with or directed to this Privacy Notice. This could be, for example, when you share your information with our call center representatives or send us a letter via postal mail.Information We Collect and How We Use Your InformationThere are three general categories of information we collect: (1) Information you give to us; (2) Information we automatically collect from your use of the Site or the App; (3) Information we collect from third parties.We use your information in several different ways. What we do with your information depends on when we collect it and what we collect. We may anonymize your information for any purpose permitted by applicable laws.Information you give to usYour name and contact details (such as your email address, mailing address, phone number and password)Additional profile information (such as date of birth, gender, location and preferred language)Your payment information (such as your credit/debit card number, security/CVV code, and expiration date)Your financing information (such as employment and income)Your communications and contact history with us (such service call recordings, chat and instant messages, or communications with our social media channels)Other information (such as product reviews, forum posts, survey responses, participation in promotions, and other user-generated content)How we use information you give to usWhy we collect itRegistrationWe need your name and contact details to create your account. This information is necessary for the adequate performance of certain services and offerings on the Site and the App, and to fulfill our contract with you when you place an order.Accept payment, fulfill orders, provide refundsWe use your name and contact details to fulfill our contract with you and deliver your orders, and we use your payment information to process payments and comply with applicable law.Application for financing solutions offered by financing providersWe collect your financing information on behalf of the financing provider you choose and send the information to that financing provider to facilitate your application to financing products.Sending you account informationWe need your name and contact details to deliver important account information to you, such as order confirmations and notices, changes to account settings, and notices about the Site, the App, or the terms and policies that apply to them.To offer an improved user experienceWe use your communications and contact history with us, as well as other information such as additional profile information, to operate, protect, improve and optimize the Site and the App and to personalize and customize your experience. We have a legitimate interest in improving the Site and the App, as well as user experience.Analytics, training and quality assuranceWe may use information you provide to us to train our staff, improve our services, and perform other internal analytics and performance monitoring. This processing can be pursuant to your consent or pursuant to our legitimate interest in detecting and preventing fraud and improving our services and offerings.Communication, marketing and advertisingWe may use information you provide to us to deliver and personalize our communications with you, or to administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests or other promotional activities. This processing can be pursuant to your consent or pursuant to our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or services that may be of interest.Information we automatically collect from your use of the Site or the AppPurchase history and saved items (such as what you bought and what you've placed in your cart or saved items)Log data and device information (such as details about how you've used the Site or the App, IP address, access dates and times, hardware and software information, device information, device event information, unique identifiers, crash data, cookie data, location data and page/product views or clicks)Geo-location information (such as IP address, browser information or mobile GPS information)Cookies and similar technologies (such as web beacons, pixels, and mobile identifiers)How we use information we automatically collectWhy we collect itTo provide customer service and process returnsWe use your saved products to help you make a purchase, and we use your purchase history to uphold our contract with you and ensure that you've had a great customer experience.To offer an improved user experienceWe use your log data and device information to operate, protect, improve and optimize the Site and the App and to personalize and customize your experience. We have a legitimate interest in improving the Site and the App, as well as user experience.To create and maintain a secure environmentWe have a legitimate interest in protecting the Site and the App, to comply with applicable law and to measure the adequate performance of our contract with you.Analytics, training and quality assuranceWe may use automatically collected information to train our staff and perform internal analytics and performance monitoring. We have a legitimate interest in detecting and preventing fraud and improving our services and offerings.Communication, marketing and advertisingWe may use automatically collected information such as cookies and similar technologies to provide the most relevant advertising to you. This processing can be pursuant to your consent or pursuant to our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or services that may be of interest.Information we collect from third parties, such as third party services (such as if you link, connect, or login to the Site or the App with your Google, Facebook, Instagram or Twitter accounts) or other sources (such as your contacts or brands we partner with)Your name and contact details (such as your email address, mailing address, phone number and password)Social media handles (such as your Twitter or Instagram handle)Other information (such as demographic data, fraud detection information and information about you and your activities, experiences and interactions on and off the Site and the App)How we use information from third partiesWhy we collect itRegistration and profileWe will use information from third party services if you register with us using another service, such as Facebook. Connecting to third-party applications or services is optional. If you create your account by connecting through another service, we will collect public information from that connected account to help complete your profile.Communication, marketing and advertisingWe may use information we collect or receive from third parties to deliver and personalize our communications with you, or to administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests or other promotional activities. This processing can be pursuant to your consent or pursuant to our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or services that may be of interest.Non-member referralsWe may obtain your information from a friend or other contact who wants to invite you to use the Site or App. We will use your information to facilitate your invitation and administer our referral program.To create and maintain a secure environmentWe may obtain your information from third party service providers and/or partners (e.g. identity verification services) and combine it with information we have about you for fraud prevention and risk assessment efforts. We have a legitimate interest in detecting and preventing fraud and improving our services and offerings.When We Share Your InformationWe share your information with the following categories of recipients as an essential part of being able to provide the Site, the App and related services, including customer service, to you:Wayfair affiliates, including Wayfair LLC (Wayfair's parent company) in the USA. We share your information among our affiliates because each is responsible for different Wayfair activities. For example, Wayfair LLC directs and controls our global marketing and customer service activities. We share your information with Wayfair LLC so that we can provide our services to you.Companies and individuals that help us deliver our products to you, such as suppliers, payment service providers, logistics professionals, and delivery and freight companies.Professional service providers who help us run our business, such as marketing companies, software vendors, consultants, and advertising partners.Companies approved by you, such as social media sites (if you choose to link your accounts to us) and payment processors (such as Worldpay) or financing providers (such as Barclays) if you choose to use their service.Government and law enforcement agencies, to (i) comply with a legal process, subpoena, order, or other legal or regulatory requirement; (ii) enforce our Terms of Use or other policies; or (iii) pursue available legal remedies or defend legal claims.We share your information with third parties only as described in this Privacy Notice, with your consent, and as disclosed at the time we collect your information. We may anonymize your information and share such anonymized information with third parties for any purpose permitted by applicable laws.Klarna Payment ServicesIn order to be able to offer you Klarna’s payment options, we will pass to Klarna certain of your personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you.General information on Klarna you can find here. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna’s privacy policy.Clearpay Payment ServicesIn order to be able to offer you Clearpay as a payment method, we will pass to Clearpay certain personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for Clearpay to assess whether you qualify for their services and to provide the services to you.General information on Clearpay can be found here. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Clearpay’s privacy policy.Barclays FinancingIf you chose to apply for a financing product offered by Barclays, we collect your financing information on behalf of Barclays. Once you have completed the application form, we send the data to Barclays and delete it immediately from our systems. We will not use your financing information for any other purpose.Cookies and Similar TechnologyWe use cookies and similar technology (such as web beacons, pixels, tags or software development kits (SDKs) in our App) when you visit our Site and App to analyze the web traffic, to optimize the performance and content of the website and to promote trust and security. Cookies are small text files that are stored by your Internet browser on your computer. We generally use the following types of cookies for the following purposes:Necessary: These cookies are necessary for you to interact with Wayfair.co.uk's or the app's basic features. For example, they allow you to navigate the site and app, securely access important areas like your shopping cart, and more. Also, necessary cookies are used to maintain the website's and app's security features.Customer Preferences: These cookies help us remember your actions so your site and app experience is tailored to your unique needs. This is how the site or app remembers items you viewed recently and makes certain interactions faster, like search. These cookies are also needed to preserve your preferences.Analytics: These cookies send data to Wayfair for the purpose of analysing customer behaviour so we can learn from your interactions to improve site and app experience for everyone. For instance, this data helps us better understand how users are finding information and which areas of the site or app are most helpful. This way we can evaluate Site and app performance and functionality to continuously develop, customise, and improve our services and offerings.Advertising: These cookies are needed to enable Wayfair online advertisements published on our partners' websites can be tailored to your personal interests (Behavioural Advertising). These types of cookies also limit the number of times that you see an ad and help us measure the effectiveness of our online marketing campaigns. We use cookies to help us identify and retarget users who have already taken an interest in our products both on our Site and on third-party websites. For example, we use proprietary technology to specifically target users by creating advertising material that is based on the users' previous behavior and interests. Interest-based ads are displayed based on information about your activities, such as searching or purchasing a product on the website or app, visiting websites that contain our content or ads, or interacting with our tools. We do this using various digital marketing networks and ad exchanges, as well as specific services offered by some websites and social networks, such as Facebook.A list of all cookies (and similar technologies) that we use on our website, including more detailed explanations, can be found on our cookie listing page.We also use web beacons (or "web bugs" or "clear GIFs") to help us identify your computer and evaluate user behaviour, such as reactions to promotions. Web beacons are small GIF files that can be hidden in other graphics, emails, or similar. The information collected by web beacons cannot be used to identify you and are not associated with information on your computer or database.Cookie SettingsApart from the necessary cookies (and similar technologies), which are essential for accessing and using our website, we only use cookies (and similar technologies) with your consent, which you can grant, refuse or revoke at any time for each type of cookie (and similar technologies). You can manage and adjust your cookie settings at any time by clicking the "Cookie Settings" link in the footer of our website. Please note that your cookie settings may be reset if you delete your browser cookies, so you may need to re-enter them.You can also generally prevent the use of cookies by changing the settings in your web browser so that (i) it does not accept new cookies, (ii) it informs you about new cookies, or (iii) it deletes all already received cookies. By deleting or disabling future cookies, your user experience may be affected and you might not be able to take advantage of certain functions of our Site.You can also opt-out of receiving some third-party interest based ads, or learn more about behavioural advertising, by visiting www.youronlinechoices.eu. Please note that if you opt out of behavioural advertising, you will still see advertisements - they will just not be tailored to your interests.To prevent web beacons on our site, you can use tools such as AdBlock Plus. To prevent web beacons in emails, please set your mail program so that no HTML is displayed in messages. Web beacons are also prevented if you read your email offline.Email MarketingIf you provided your consent, we will send you marketing communications by email to keep you informed of new products, promotions, and other information we think may be of interest to you. In compliance with applicable law, we will also send you marketing communication per email, if you have purchased a product from us and have not unsubscribed from receiving marketing emails. We will also send you marketing communication per postal mail.You can stop receiving marketing messages from us at any time through your preferences here or by contacting us at DataProtectionOfficer@wayfair.com. To stop direct marketing messages you can also click on the "unsubscribe" link in any marketing email you receive from us. Once you do this, we will update your profile to ensure that you do not receive further marketing messages from us. Please note that it may take up to 48 hours to process your request and update our systems. Note that if you request that we stop sending you marketing messages, we will not stop sending you administrative and services communications (such as order updates and other important or transactional information).Please note that if you use more than one name or email address when communicating with Wayfair or using the Site of App, you may continue to receive communications from us to any name or email address not specified in your opt-out request.Blogs, Reviews and ForumsThe Site and App also may from time to time offer publicly-accessible blogs, reviews or forums. Any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected and used by others who access them. To request removal of your information from blogs, customer reviews or forums, please see Your Rights and Choices below. Please note that in some cases we may be unable to remove your information.Social Media PluginsThe Site and the App use social plugins, which allow you to interact with us through your Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and other social media accounts. If you visit a page of our Site or App that contains such a plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to that social media's webservers. The content of the plugin is transmitted by the social media site directly to your browser and incorporated by the social media site into the Site or App. By integrating the plugins, the social media site receives the information that your browser has accessed the corresponding page of our Site or App, even if you do not have an account or are currently not logged in to your account. We have no control over the extent and use of information that the social media site collects using this plugin.If you interact with a social media plugin by, for example, clicking a "Like" button or leaving a comment, the corresponding information is also transmitted directly to the social media server and stored there. Depending on your settings, the information will also be posted on the social media site and displayed to your contacts or friends on the social media site. The social media site may use this information for the purpose of advertising, market research and tailor-made pages.To understand what information social media sites collect when you interact with their plug-ins, please review their privacy policies. You may also have the option to change your settings in the social media site to prevent the collection of your information.Our Security MeasuresWe use appropriate technical and organizational safeguards to protect your information from unauthorized use, disclosure, and loss. Data transmitted to Wayfair is encrypted using Transport Layer Security (TLS). We use a PCI compliant secure credit card processor and do not save your full credit card number on our information systems while placing an order. If you have questions about the security of your information, please contact us at DataProtectionOfficer@wayfair.com.We encourage you to protect your password and your computer to prevent unauthorized access to your account. Remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window if you are using a shared computer in a public place such as a library or an Internet cafe.Keeping Your InformationWe will keep your information for as long as you have an account or as long as we need it to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected or disclosed to you at the time of collection. We may also keep some of your information as required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud or abuse, enforce our Terms of Use, or for other legitimate business purposes (so long as keeping it for such purposes does not infringe upon your privacy rights).When we no longer have a need to keep your information, we will either delete it from our systems or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you.Your Rights and ChoicesYou have the following rights related to the information that we maintain about you:The right to be informed about how your information is used. This is the reason we provide this Privacy Notice to you.The right to access the information we hold about you.The right to request the correction of inaccurate information we hold about you. You can correct some of this information in your account settings.In some circumstances, the right to request that we delete your information, or stop processing it or collecting it.The right to stop direct marketing messages, which you can do through your preferences here or by clicking on any "unsubscribe" link in any marketing email you receive from us. You also have the right to withdraw, with effect for the future, your consent for other processing activities for which you have given us your consent. Regarding your cookie settings, you can do this anytime using the "Cookie Settings" link in the footer of our website.The right to request that we transfer your information either to you or a third party.The right to, at any time, object to data processing based on legitimate interest or for direct marketing purposes.If you want to exercise your rights, please complete the Subject Access Request Form here. If you have any questions or concerns, please reach out to us using the contact information below.Moreover, you have the right to complain to your data protection regulator.Transfers Outside of EuropeWayfair is headquartered in the USA. While Wayfair Stores Limited is an independent entity, its operations, sales, and online presence are closely tied to Wayfair LLC (which is its parent company in the USA). As a result of this relationship, your information will be transferred to the USA to be processed by Wayfair LLC.Wayfair LLC is a data controller and has committed to complying with this Privacy Notice and European privacy laws with regard to information transferred from Europe. The USA does not have a decision of adequacy from the European Commission, meaning that the laws in the USA may not be as protective as the laws in Europe. Because of this, Wayfair has taken steps to protect your rights when your information is transferred to the USA through the use of the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses.Third Party LinksWe may provide links to third-party web sites that we do not own or control. We are not responsible for the information collection practices of these third-party websites and do not endorse such practices. We encourage you to review and understand the privacy practices of third-party websites before providing any information to or through them.Children's PrivacyThe Site and the App are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect information from children under 16. If we learn that we have collected information from a child under 16, we will take steps to obtain the consent of that child's parent or guardian prior to processing that child's information any further. If do not obtain the parent or guardian's consent, we will delete the child's information from our systems.Changes to this Privacy NoticeWe may change this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect new ways that we process your information. If we make significant changes that affect your information, we will provide you notice of such changes through the Site, the App, by email, or some other means of contact. This notice will give you an opportunity to review the changes before we use your information in these different ways.How to Contact Us / Data Protection OfficerWe always want to hear from our customers - especially with your questions, comments or concerns about our privacy practices. Please don't hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer by sending us an email at DataProtectionOfficer@wayfair.com or writing us at:WayfairAttn: Data Protection OfficerKarl-Liebknecht-Str. 2910178 BerlinDeutschlandTerms and Conditions of Use and SaleLast Updated April 17, 2019The following terms govern your use the website wayfair.co.uk (being the "Site").PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE AND SALE INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMER SECTIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE AND/OR SUBMITTING AN ORDER. By using this Site and submitting an order, you agree to the following terms of use and sale (the "Terms of Use and Sale") and our privacy policy. If you do not agree to these terms, you may not use this Site or submit an order. WAYFAIR STORES LIMITED ("Wayfair", "we" or "us") reserves the right to modify, alter, or update these Terms of Use and Sale from time to time. By accepting these Terms of Use and Sale, you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations, or updates.1. Terms of UseGeneralThe information contained in this Site, including but not limited to the rules that govern the use of the Site, may be subject to change. The date of the latest change(s) to these Terms of Use and Sale is set out above at "Last Updated". Your use of the Site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the rules, as changed. Any such change(s) will not affect the terms of sale applicable to orders accepted by us prior to the date of such change(s).CopyrightAll Site design, text, graphics, and the selection and arrangement thereof are the property of WAYFAIR STORES LIMITED, all rights reserved, or in the case of product material, all text and graphics are copyright protected by the original owner, all rights reserved. Permission is granted to you to copy electronically and to print in hard copy portions of this Site for the sole purpose of using this Site as an information resource (or of ordering goods or services and using this Site as a shopping resource). Any other use of materials on this Site-including reproduction for purposes other than noted above, modification, distribution, or reproduction-without the prior written permission of WAYFAIR STORES LIMITED is strictly prohibited.TrademarksThe Wayfair.co.uk Site and Wayfair.co.uk mark and logo are service marks of WAYFAIR STORES LIMITED. All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited herein or on the Site are the property of their respective owners.Links to Other Web SitesWe make no claim or representation, and accept no responsibility, regarding the quality, nature, or reliability of any external or third party sites accessible by hyperlinks from this Site, or any external or third party sites linking to this Site.Warranties and Disclaimers: Use of this SiteWe intend for the information and data contained in the Site or provided via other channels, including but not limited to phone and email, to be accurate and reliable, however, since the information and data have been compiled from a variety of sources, it is provided "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE". You expressly agree that your use of this Site is at your sole risk. WE, SOLELY TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SUCH WARRANTIES CAN BE EXCLUDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW, EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, RELATING TO AVAILABILITY OF THE SITE OR TO INFORMATION AND DATA CONTAINED IN OR REFERENCED BY THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COMPATIBILITY, SECURITY, ACCURACY, CONDITIONS OF COMPLETENESS, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OR TRADE.Limitation of Liability: Use of this SiteIN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS, SUBSIDIARIES, DISTRIBUTORS, AFFILIATES OR THIRD PARTIES PROVIDING INFORMATION ON THIS SITE OR VIA OTHER CHANNELS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO PHONE AND EMAIL, BE LIABLE TO ANY USER OF THE SITE OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF USE) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREON, WHETHER BASED UPON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EXCEPT WHERE LIABILITY CANNOT BE EXCLUDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW.NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE, OR FOR FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.You hereby acknowledge that the preceding paragraph shall apply to all information or data available from us through the Site or other channels.Governing LawThe Site is operated by us from our offices in Boston, Massachusetts, USA. These terms of use and any non-contractual obligations arising from them or in relation to them shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of any claim arising out of or in connection with these terms (including non-contractual disputes) in the English courts. If however, you live in Scotland, Northern Ireland or Ireland, you can also bring legal proceedings in Scotland, Northern Ireland or Ireland (as relevant).We make no representation that the information in the Site is appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to the Site from territories where the content of the Site may be illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use. Copyright 2002 – 2020, WAYFAIR STORES LIMITED. All rights reserved.2. Terms of SaleThe following sets out the terms and conditions upon which we supply products to you. Where you are buying products as a consumer, nothing in these terms and conditions affects your legal rights, and we have a legal duty to supply products that conform to the contract between us. Further information regarding your legal rights can be found on the Citizens Advice website at www.adviceguide.org.uk.Order AcceptanceIf we accept your order, we will send you a confirmation of this by email. The receipt of an email order confirmation by you constitutes our acceptance of an order and the conclusion of a contract between us to sell the goods you have ordered, subject to these terms (the "Contract"). You should retain that email for your records. Whereas, following such acceptance, we will always seek to meet the requirements of your order, there may be circumstances following confirmation where we are unable to ship products due to unavailability (of which we were not aware at the time of confirmation of the order). If that is the case, we will notify you as soon as possible and will refund the money for the unavailable products back onto your card or into your account. If the payment process has not begun at that time, the money for such products will not be taken out of your account or from your card. Our acceptance does not therefore guarantee and is subject to the availability of products following the receipt of the confirmation email by you.Our productsPrices and availability of products on the Site are subject to change without notice. While we endeavour not to make any errors on the Site and to ensure that the descriptions, details and dimensions of our products, our prices and other information about us or our products, are accurate and up to date, errors can occur. Errors will be corrected when discovered, and we reserve the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions (including after an order has been submitted). If we identify an error that materially impacts your confirmed order, we will notify you as soon as possible and will provide you with the option of cancelling your order in full or the part(s) of your order affected by the misinformation. If you make such a cancellation, the money for the cancelled part of your order will be refunded to your account or onto your card (or will not be taken at all if the payment process has not begun at that time). This in no way restricts or limits your ability to return the goods in line with our returns policy.Prices and PaymentThe price of the product will be as shown on the order pages when you place your order. Payment for the product is required on dispatch. If items are shipped in instalments, payment may be taken in instalments as each is product is dispatched (but will not exceed the order total). Where payment has not been received, we are under no obligation to deliver the product to you. Our invoice(s) for the price of the products you purchase are set out in the email order confirmation we send to you. You can also review and print these invoices at any time by logging in to "My Account" section of the Site. You should retain copies of the invoices for your records.Klarna Payment OptionsIn cooperation with Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Sweden, we offer you the following payment options. Payment is to be made to Klarna:Pay Later (invoice 30 days)Pay in 30 days: The payment period is 30 days from shipment of the goods or tickets/ availability date of the service. You can find the complete terms and conditions for the this payment method in the United Kingdom is available here.Pay Later in 3 instalmentsPay Later in 3 instalments: Pay later in 3 will allow you to spread the cost of your purchase over 3 equal payments. The payment for each instalment will automatically be collected from the debit or credit card you entered at checkout. Your first instalment will be collected when your order is confirmed by the merchant and instalments 2 and 3 are scheduled 30 and 60 days later, respectively. You can find the terms and conditions for Pay Later in 3 instalments here.Slice itWith the financing service from Klarna you can pay your purchase in flexible or fixed monthly instalments according to the conditions stated in the checkout. The instalment payment is due at the end of each month after submission of a separate monthly invoice by Klarna. Further information regarding Slice It including terms and conditions and Standard European Consumer Credit Information you can find here.The payment methods Pay later and Slice It are only available in case of a positive credit assessment. For this purpose, during the order process and handling of your purchase, we forward your data for an address and credit check to Klarna. We can only offer you the payment methods available based on the result of the credit check. General information about Klarna and the user terms per country can be found on klarna.com. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarnas privacy statement.DeliveryTypical methods and costs of delivery are as shown here under the "Delivery Information" tab and are confirmed at checkout. We will give you an estimated date for delivery, and we will endeavour to deliver any products ordered within the estimated period and will deliver your order within 30 days of the Contract date unless otherwise agreed with you as stated in our email order confirmation (see Order Acceptance, above). Please note that some products require a signature as proof of delivery.Delivery may be delayed due to circumstances outside of our control. If this occurs, we will notify you as soon as possible and take steps to minimise the effect of the delay. We shall have no liability for delays.In the event of a failed delivery to you, our courier may re-attempt delivery, leave your delivery with a neighbour or in a safe place outside of your home or leave you a card or contact you to re-arrange delivery. In such event, we may charge you for storage costs and further delivery costs. If we are unable to contact you to re-arrange delivery, we may end the Contract.Risk and OwnershipYou will be responsible for the products from the time we deliver the products to you at the stipulated delivery address. You will own a product once we have received payment in full for that product.Right to CancelYou have certain rights to cancel your Contract as set out in our Returns Policy. Your rights depend upon what you have bought, the reason for your return and when you decide to end the Contract. If you have taken advantage of any manufacturer’s warranty applicable to the product you have bought you may have rights under that warranty which you should direct to the manufacturer.Certain orders may constitute improper use of our Site and "Wayfair Rewards". We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any Contract for any reason. Payment will not be taken, or will be refunded, for any refused orders. Your account, including Wayfair Rewards, may also be restricted or terminated for any reason, at our sole discretion, if you have breached these Terms of Use and Sale or any other policy or terms of use relating to the Site or if you have otherwise misused the Site. Verification of certain information may be required prior to the acceptance of any order. An order may not be accepted if such information is not forthcoming from you following such a request.Warranties and Disclaimers: Sale of GoodsWe are under a legal duty to supply products that are in conformity with the Contract and, where you buy as a consumer, you have certain rights, including legal rights relating to faulty or misdescribed goods which apply in addition to our Returns Policy.To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, we disclaim any and all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to the products. This does not affect your legal rights where you buy as a consumer, nor does it affect your rights to cancel any Contract under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013.Limitation of Liability: Sale of GoodsWe are only responsible for losses that are a natural, foreseeable consequence of our breach of these Terms of Sale. IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS, OR SUBSIDIARIES BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER ANY CONTRACT FORMED UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE AND SALE:WHERE YOU ARE A BUSINESS, TO ANY BUSINESS FOR ANY LOSS OF REVENUE, PROFITS, ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, GOODWILL OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, OR ANY INJURY TO BUSINESS REPUTATION; ORANY LOSSES THAT ARE NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE BY BOTH OF US AT THE TIME OF THE CONTRACT.WHERE YOU BUY AS A CONSUMER, THESE TERMS OF USE AND SALE AND OUR RETURNS POLICY WILL NOT AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS UNDER LAW WHICH CANNOT BE OTHERWISE EXCLUDED. FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR LOCAL CITIZENS ADVICE BUREAU.NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF SALE SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE, FOR FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, OR FOR BREACH OF YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS IN RELATION TO THE PRODUCTS.You hereby acknowledge that the preceding paragraph shall apply to all products or services you buy from us through the Site or other channels.Disputes: Sale of GoodsIf you have any issue regarding a product or service you have bought from us, you can seek to settle the dispute out-of-court through an Alternative Dispute Resolution or Online Dispute Resolution (ADR / ODR) procedure. These procedures are an alternative to resolving disputes by arbitration or before a court and as such they are called Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR). When they are carried out online, they are called Online Dispute Resolution (ODR).Resolving disputes through ADR/ODR, in general, is easier, faster and less expensive than resolving disputes before a court. Under the EU-wide ODR Regulation, the European Commission has established a European Online Dispute Resolution platform (ODR platform). The ODR platform is a web-based platform that is specifically designed to help consumers who have bought goods or services online and subsequently have a problem with that online purchase. It allows you to submit your contractual dispute and conduct the ADR procedure online and in any of the 23 official languages of the European Union.The ODR platform is accessible here: https://ec.europa.eu/odr.Our DetailsRegistered Name: WAYFAIR STORES LIMITEDRegistered at: WAYFAIR STORES LIMITED, Wayfair House, Tuam Road, Galway Co. Galway, IrelandCompany Registration No.: 457604VAT No: GB922944513Governing LawThese Terms of Sale and any contractual or non-contractual obligations arising from them or in relation to them shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of any claim arising out of or in connection with these terms (including non-contractual disputes) in the English courts. If however, you live in Scotland, Northern Ireland or Ireland, you can also bring legal proceedings in Scotland, Northern Ireland or Ireland (as relevant).Wayfair Rewards Program TermsThe Wayfair Rewards Program (the "Rewards Program") is exclusively for users of the Site who have registered for the Rewards Program in accordance with the directions set forth below and on the Site. Rewards Pounds may be applied to future purchases at the Site in accordance with the terms set forth below and our Terms of Use. Enrollment in the Rewards Program is automatic with registration at the Site.Membership Benefits RewardsRewards Pounds EarnedMembers may earn specified "Rewards Pounds" fromReferral ProgramProduct Review ProgramRedemption PeriodThree months from the date on which Rewards-eligible purchase is madeMembership FeeNoneReferral ProgramWayfair's Referral Program is designed to reward existing members ("Sponsors") with Rewards Pounds for referring new members ("Recipients") to Wayfair. Sponsors can refer as many friends as he or she would like, but will only receive Rewards Pounds for up to 10 successful referrals per month. If a Recipient's qualifying order is cancelled, Rewards Pounds will be voided. Previous purchases are not eligible for Rewards Pounds and Rewards Pounds cannot be applied retroactively. Invitations must be sent to individual recipients. Any attempt to distribute in bulk is grounds for immediate termination of the Sponsor's account and deactivation of their personal referral link. Distribution of Rewards bonuses is subject to moderation in cases of suspected fraud.Business and Trade Referral ProgramSponsors will only receive their Rewards Pounds after their Recipient has used their unique promo code and their order has shipped. Sponsors will be notified by email when their Rewards Pounds are available for use. Rewards Pounds credited to Sponsors will only be valid for 90 days. If the Recipient does not use the unique promo code within 30 days, it will expire and no longer be valid. Previous purchases are not eligible for Rewards Pounds and Rewards Pounds cannot be applied retroactively. Orders containing Gift Certificate purchases are not eligible. Bulk distribution and distribution to strangers is prohibited. Violation of this is grounds for immediate termination of the Sponsor's account and deactivation of their personal referral link. Distribution of referral promo codes and Rewards Pounds is subject to moderation in cases of suspected fraud.Product Reviews ProgramWayfair's Product Review Program is designed to reward existing members for writing product reviews for products purchased on the Site. Members may be rewarded specified Rewards Pounds or may be offered other benefits for such reviews.Redemption of Rewards PoundsWayfair will post all earned Rewards Pounds on your account within a reasonable amount of time after the confirmed shipment of your qualifying purchase. Rewards Pounds can be only redeemed and applied as a credit against a purchase from one of our participating Sites. Rewards Pounds cannot be used to purchase gift cards, gift certificates, or manufacturer-excluded brands. Rewards Pounds are not redeemable for cash and cannot be returned for a cash refund, except to the extent required by law. Rewards Pounds will be automatically applied to your purchase at Checkout. If you do not wish to redeem Rewards Pounds at the time of purchase, select "Remove" at Checkout. Rewards Dollars may be combined with Wayfair promo codes, but not with any other Wayfair promotion, offer, or other discount. No credits or refunds will be issued for any reason after Rewards Pounds have been redeemed, including for unused Rewards Pounds, except as described in "Returns" below. Rewards Pounds can be used against product cost and shipping cost only. For orders with multiple items, Rewards Pounds will be applied across all items proportionally based on the pound amount. Wayfair may apply other restrictions to or terminate the Reward Program at any time.ReturnsIf you return an item that was purchased in whole or in part using Rewards Pounds, the return will be processed in accordance with Wayfair's return and exchange policy. If the return is accepted by Wayfair, the Rewards Pounds applicable to the returned item will be credited back to your account.Rewards Pounds BalanceYou can check your Rewards Pounds balance at any time by logging in at "My Account". A valid email address and password are required to view the Rewards Pounds balance in your account. Wayfair is not liable for any failure, delay or error in crediting Rewards Pounds to an account. You are responsible for all activity occurring in or through your account, including the redemption of Rewards Pounds, whether or not the activity was authorized.ExpirationRewards Pounds not used during the applicable Redemption Period will be forfeited. You may cancel Rewards Pounds by calling 0800 169 0423, but members recognized on the Site are unable to opt-out of the program.Non-Transferability and Non-Aggregation of Rewards PoundsRewards Pounds and any other right, obligation or benefit of the Rewards Program may not be transferred, assigned, sold, traded or bartered by any member or any other person without Wayfair's prior written consent, which Wayfair may withhold in its sole discretion, and any attempt to do any of the foregoing shall be null and void. In addition, Rewards Pounds are for the member's personal use only. Members may not aggregate Rewards Pounds from multiple accounts or use Rewards Pounds for the purpose of purchasing products at the Site on behalf of others or for the purpose of reselling such products to others.Wayfair.co.uk Gift Certificate Terms and ConditionsThe following terms and conditions (the "Terms") apply to any Wayfair.co.uk electronic gift certificate originally purchased by you or someone on your behalf (the "gift certificate") through the Wayfair.co.uk web site. Gift certificates are issued by WAYFAIR STORES LIMITED (referred to hereinafter as either "Wayfair", "we", "us" or "our"). By purchasing a gift certificate, accepting and retaining a gift certificate, or using a gift certificate, you agree to these Terms.Gift cards are valid in the country and currency in which they were purchased. Gift cards purchased on Wayfair.com, AllModern.com, BirchLane.com, JossandMain.com, or Perigold.com can be used interchangeably. Gift cards purchased on Wayfair.ca can only be redeemed on Wayfair.ca. Gift cards purchased on Wayfair.co.uk can only be redeemed on Wayfair.co.uk. Gift cards purchased on Wayfair.de can only be redeemed on Wayfair.de.Gift certificates cannot be used to purchase gift certificates or gift cards.Gift certificates are not redeemable for cash and cannot be returned for a cash refund, except to the extent required by law.Gift cards are not re-sellable, and gift card orders cannot be cancelled, updated or refunded.E-gift cards may not be redeemable for up to 4 hours on weekdays, and up to 12 hours on weekends.Use of the gift certificate is limited to the amount of funds held on the gift certificate. The full amount of each purchase, including taxes, will be deducted from the funds held on the gift certificate, up to the total funds available on the gift certificate. Any unused balance will be placed in the recipient's gift certificate account and is not transferable. If you make a purchase and there are insufficient funds held on the gift certificate to cover that purchase, you must pay the difference by a valid credit card or debit card. To the extent permitted by law, the original expiration date will apply to any unused balance.The risk of loss and title for gift certificates pass to the purchaser upon our electronic transmission to the purchaser. We are not responsible for and will not replace lost or stolen gift certificates. Protect your gift certificate as if it were cash and safeguard the gift certificate from authorized use.Wayfair may provide gift certificate purchasers with information about the redemption status of gift certificates.Wayfair reserves the right to change these Terms from time to time in its discretion. Such revised terms will be effective as to any gift certificates purchased after the date said revised Terms are posted to the Wayfair web sites.Resale of a gift certificate or use for unauthorized advertising, marketing, sweepstakes or other promotional purposes is strictly prohibited. Your right to use the funds on the gift certificate is a limited right, subject to these Terms and applicable law. We are not responsible for pricing, typographical, or other errors, in any offer and reserve the right to cancel any orders resulting from such errors.If we suspect any fraud or misuse in connection with a gift certificate, we reserve the right in our discretion to suspend or terminate use of the gift certificate.The consideration paid for the gift certificate, including any unredeemed balances, is the property of the Wayfair.We do not currently collect or maintain any personally identifiable information regarding the purchasers of the Cards. However, we reserve the right to obtain personal information about you in accordance with the privacy policy found here if such information is necessary to service the Card or respond to your inquiries or for other purposes.If any one or more of the covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of these Terms shall be for any reason whatsoever held invalid, then such covenants, agreements, provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of these Terms shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions of these Terms.These Terms sets forth the entire understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and all prior understandings, written or oral, are superseded by these Terms. All terms and conditions set forth herein are applicable to the extent permitted by law.  Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Notice takes effect on 24 August 2020.We care about our customers and know that your privacy is important to you. This Privacy Notice is our way of telling you how we collect your information, why we need it, and how we use it.For our website https://www.wayfair.co.uk (the "Site") and users of our mobile application (the "App") in the UK, and for information otherwise collected under this Privacy Notice, Wayfair Stores Limited is the data controller that is responsible for your privacy. Wayfair Stores Limited is located at Wayfair House, Tuam Road, Galway Co. Galway, Ireland.Navigating This Page Scope of ApplicationInformation we collect and how we use your informationWhen we share your informationKlarna Payment ServicesClearpay Payment ServicesBarclays FinancingCookies and Similar TechnologyCookie SettingsEmail MarketingBlogs, Reviews and ForumsSocial Media PluginsOur Security MeasuresKeeping your InformationYour Rights and ChoicesTransfers Outside of EuropeThird Party LinksChildren's PrivacyChanges to this Privacy NoticeHow to Contact Us / Data Protection OfficerScope of ApplicationThis Privacy Notice applies to your use of the Site and the App. If you visit another website, including another Wayfair website, the privacy policy of that website will apply. Please review that website's privacy policy to understand how that website operator processes your information.This Privacy Notice also applies to the information you provide to us after being presented with or directed to this Privacy Notice. This could be, for example, when you share your information with our call center representatives or send us a letter via postal mail.Information We Collect and How We Use Your InformationThere are three general categories of information we collect: (1) Information you give to us; (2) Information we automatically collect from your use of the Site or the App; (3) Information we collect from third parties.We use your information in several different ways. What we do with your information depends on when we collect it and what we collect. We may anonymize your information for any purpose permitted by applicable laws.Information you give to usYour name and contact details (such as your email address, mailing address, phone number and password)Additional profile information (such as date of birth, gender, location and preferred language)Your payment information (such as your credit/debit card number, security/CVV code, and expiration date)Your financing information (such as employment and income)Your communications and contact history with us (such service call recordings, chat and instant messages, or communications with our social media channels)Other information (such as product reviews, forum posts, survey responses, participation in promotions, and other user-generated content)How we use information you give to usWhy we collect itRegistrationWe need your name and contact details to create your account. This information is necessary for the adequate performance of certain services and offerings on the Site and the App, and to fulfill our contract with you when you place an order.Accept payment, fulfill orders, provide refundsWe use your name and contact details to fulfill our contract with you and deliver your orders, and we use your payment information to process payments and comply with applicable law.Application for financing solutions offered by financing providersWe collect your financing information on behalf of the financing provider you choose and send the information to that financing provider to facilitate your application to financing products.Sending you account informationWe need your name and contact details to deliver important account information to you, such as order confirmations and notices, changes to account settings, and notices about the Site, the App, or the terms and policies that apply to them.To offer an improved user experienceWe use your communications and contact history with us, as well as other information such as additional profile information, to operate, protect, improve and optimize the Site and the App and to personalize and customize your experience. We have a legitimate interest in improving the Site and the App, as well as user experience.Analytics, training and quality assuranceWe may use information you provide to us to train our staff, improve our services, and perform other internal analytics and performance monitoring. This processing can be pursuant to your consent or pursuant to our legitimate interest in detecting and preventing fraud and improving our services and offerings.Communication, marketing and advertisingWe may use information you provide to us to deliver and personalize our communications with you, or to administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests or other promotional activities. This processing can be pursuant to your consent or pursuant to our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or services that may be of interest.Information we automatically collect from your use of the Site or the AppPurchase history and saved items (such as what you bought and what you've placed in your cart or saved items)Log data and device information (such as details about how you've used the Site or the App, IP address, access dates and times, hardware and software information, device information, device event information, unique identifiers, crash data, cookie data, location data and page/product views or clicks)Geo-location information (such as IP address, browser information or mobile GPS information)Cookies and similar technologies (such as web beacons, pixels, and mobile identifiers)How we use information we automatically collectWhy we collect itTo provide customer service and process returnsWe use your saved products to help you make a purchase, and we use your purchase history to uphold our contract with you and ensure that you've had a great customer experience.To offer an improved user experienceWe use your log data and device information to operate, protect, improve and optimize the Site and the App and to personalize and customize your experience. We have a legitimate interest in improving the Site and the App, as well as user experience.To create and maintain a secure environmentWe have a legitimate interest in protecting the Site and the App, to comply with applicable law and to measure the adequate performance of our contract with you.Analytics, training and quality assuranceWe may use automatically collected information to train our staff and perform internal analytics and performance monitoring. We have a legitimate interest in detecting and preventing fraud and improving our services and offerings.Communication, marketing and advertisingWe may use automatically collected information such as cookies and similar technologies to provide the most relevant advertising to you. This processing can be pursuant to your consent or pursuant to our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or services that may be of interest.Information we collect from third parties, such as third party services (such as if you link, connect, or login to the Site or the App with your Google, Facebook, Instagram or Twitter accounts) or other sources (such as your contacts or brands we partner with)Your name and contact details (such as your email address, mailing address, phone number and password)Social media handles (such as your Twitter or Instagram handle)Other information (such as demographic data, fraud detection information and information about you and your activities, experiences and interactions on and off the Site and the App)How we use information from third partiesWhy we collect itRegistration and profileWe will use information from third party services if you register with us using another service, such as Facebook. Connecting to third-party applications or services is optional. If you create your account by connecting through another service, we will collect public information from that connected account to help complete your profile.Communication, marketing and advertisingWe may use information we collect or receive from third parties to deliver and personalize our communications with you, or to administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests or other promotional activities. This processing can be pursuant to your consent or pursuant to our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or services that may be of interest.Non-member referralsWe may obtain your information from a friend or other contact who wants to invite you to use the Site or App. We will use your information to facilitate your invitation and administer our referral program.To create and maintain a secure environmentWe may obtain your information from third party service providers and/or partners (e.g. identity verification services) and combine it with information we have about you for fraud prevention and risk assessment efforts. We have a legitimate interest in detecting and preventing fraud and improving our services and offerings.When We Share Your InformationWe share your information with the following categories of recipients as an essential part of being able to provide the Site, the App and related services, including customer service, to you:Wayfair affiliates, including Wayfair LLC (Wayfair's parent company) in the USA. We share your information among our affiliates because each is responsible for different Wayfair activities. For example, Wayfair LLC directs and controls our global marketing and customer service activities. We share your information with Wayfair LLC so that we can provide our services to you.Companies and individuals that help us deliver our products to you, such as suppliers, payment service providers, logistics professionals, and delivery and freight companies.Professional service providers who help us run our business, such as marketing companies, software vendors, consultants, and advertising partners.Companies approved by you, such as social media sites (if you choose to link your accounts to us) and payment processors (such as Worldpay) or financing providers (such as Barclays) if you choose to use their service.Government and law enforcement agencies, to (i) comply with a legal process, subpoena, order, or other legal or regulatory requirement; (ii) enforce our Terms of Use or other policies; or (iii) pursue available legal remedies or defend legal claims.We share your information with third parties only as described in this Privacy Notice, with your consent, and as disclosed at the time we collect your information. We may anonymize your information and share such anonymized information with third parties for any purpose permitted by applicable laws.Klarna Payment ServicesIn order to be able to offer you Klarna’s payment options, we will pass to Klarna certain of your personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you.General information on Klarna you can find here. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna’s privacy policy.Clearpay Payment ServicesIn order to be able to offer you Clearpay as a payment method, we will pass to Clearpay certain personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for Clearpay to assess whether you qualify for their services and to provide the services to you.General information on Clearpay can be found here. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Clearpay’s privacy policy.Barclays FinancingIf you chose to apply for a financing product offered by Barclays, we collect your financing information on behalf of Barclays. Once you have completed the application form, we send the data to Barclays and delete it immediately from our systems. We will not use your financing information for any other purpose.Cookies and Similar TechnologyWe use cookies and similar technology (such as web beacons, pixels, tags or software development kits (SDKs) in our App) when you visit our Site and App to analyze the web traffic, to optimize the performance and content of the website and to promote trust and security. Cookies are small text files that are stored by your Internet browser on your computer. We generally use the following types of cookies for the following purposes:Necessary: These cookies are necessary for you to interact with Wayfair.co.uk's or the app's basic features. For example, they allow you to navigate the site and app, securely access important areas like your shopping cart, and more. Also, necessary cookies are used to maintain the website's and app's security features.Customer Preferences: These cookies help us remember your actions so your site and app experience is tailored to your unique needs. This is how the site or app remembers items you viewed recently and makes certain interactions faster, like search. These cookies are also needed to preserve your preferences.Analytics: These cookies send data to Wayfair for the purpose of analysing customer behaviour so we can learn from your interactions to improve site and app experience for everyone. For instance, this data helps us better understand how users are finding information and which areas of the site or app are most helpful. This way we can evaluate Site and app performance and functionality to continuously develop, customise, and improve our services and offerings.Advertising: These cookies are needed to enable Wayfair online advertisements published on our partners' websites can be tailored to your personal interests (Behavioural Advertising). These types of cookies also limit the number of times that you see an ad and help us measure the effectiveness of our online marketing campaigns. We use cookies to help us identify and retarget users who have already taken an interest in our products both on our Site and on third-party websites. For example, we use proprietary technology to specifically target users by creating advertising material that is based on the users' previous behavior and interests. Interest-based ads are displayed based on information about your activities, such as searching or purchasing a product on the website or app, visiting websites that contain our content or ads, or interacting with our tools. We do this using various digital marketing networks and ad exchanges, as well as specific services offered by some websites and social networks, such as Facebook.A list of all cookies (and similar technologies) that we use on our website, including more detailed explanations, can be found on our cookie listing page.We also use web beacons (or "web bugs" or "clear GIFs") to help us identify your computer and evaluate user behaviour, such as reactions to promotions. Web beacons are small GIF files that can be hidden in other graphics, emails, or similar. The information collected by web beacons cannot be used to identify you and are not associated with information on your computer or database.Cookie SettingsApart from the necessary cookies (and similar technologies), which are essential for accessing and using our website, we only use cookies (and similar technologies) with your consent, which you can grant, refuse or revoke at any time for each type of cookie (and similar technologies). You can manage and adjust your cookie settings at any time by clicking the "Cookie Settings" link in the footer of our website. Please note that your cookie settings may be reset if you delete your browser cookies, so you may need to re-enter them.You can also generally prevent the use of cookies by changing the settings in your web browser so that (i) it does not accept new cookies, (ii) it informs you about new cookies, or (iii) it deletes all already received cookies. By deleting or disabling future cookies, your user experience may be affected and you might not be able to take advantage of certain functions of our Site.You can also opt-out of receiving some third-party interest based ads, or learn more about behavioural advertising, by visiting www.youronlinechoices.eu. Please note that if you opt out of behavioural advertising, you will still see advertisements - they will just not be tailored to your interests.To prevent web beacons on our site, you can use tools such as AdBlock Plus. To prevent web beacons in emails, please set your mail program so that no HTML is displayed in messages. Web beacons are also prevented if you read your email offline.Email MarketingIf you provided your consent, we will send you marketing communications by email to keep you informed of new products, promotions, and other information we think may be of interest to you. In compliance with applicable law, we will also send you marketing communication per email, if you have purchased a product from us and have not unsubscribed from receiving marketing emails. We will also send you marketing communication per postal mail.You can stop receiving marketing messages from us at any time through your preferences here or by contacting us at DataProtectionOfficer@wayfair.com. To stop direct marketing messages you can also click on the "unsubscribe" link in any marketing email you receive from us. Once you do this, we will update your profile to ensure that you do not receive further marketing messages from us. Please note that it may take up to 48 hours to process your request and update our systems. Note that if you request that we stop sending you marketing messages, we will not stop sending you administrative and services communications (such as order updates and other important or transactional information).Please note that if you use more than one name or email address when communicating with Wayfair or using the Site of App, you may continue to receive communications from us to any name or email address not specified in your opt-out request.Blogs, Reviews and ForumsThe Site and App also may from time to time offer publicly-accessible blogs, reviews or forums. Any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected and used by others who access them. To request removal of your information from blogs, customer reviews or forums, please see Your Rights and Choices below. Please note that in some cases we may be unable to remove your information.Social Media PluginsThe Site and the App use social plugins, which allow you to interact with us through your Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and other social media accounts. If you visit a page of our Site or App that contains such a plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to that social media's webservers. The content of the plugin is transmitted by the social media site directly to your browser and incorporated by the social media site into the Site or App. By integrating the plugins, the social media site receives the information that your browser has accessed the corresponding page of our Site or App, even if you do not have an account or are currently not logged in to your account. We have no control over the extent and use of information that the social media site collects using this plugin.If you interact with a social media plugin by, for example, clicking a "Like" button or leaving a comment, the corresponding information is also transmitted directly to the social media server and stored there. Depending on your settings, the information will also be posted on the social media site and displayed to your contacts or friends on the social media site. The social media site may use this information for the purpose of advertising, market research and tailor-made pages.To understand what information social media sites collect when you interact with their plug-ins, please review their privacy policies. You may also have the option to change your settings in the social media site to prevent the collection of your information.Our Security MeasuresWe use appropriate technical and organizational safeguards to protect your information from unauthorized use, disclosure, and loss. Data transmitted to Wayfair is encrypted using Transport Layer Security (TLS). We use a PCI compliant secure credit card processor and do not save your full credit card number on our information systems while placing an order. If you have questions about the security of your information, please contact us at DataProtectionOfficer@wayfair.com.We encourage you to protect your password and your computer to prevent unauthorized access to your account. Remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window if you are using a shared computer in a public place such as a library or an Internet cafe.Keeping Your InformationWe will keep your information for as long as you have an account or as long as we need it to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected or disclosed to you at the time of collection. We may also keep some of your information as required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud or abuse, enforce our Terms of Use, or for other legitimate business purposes (so long as keeping it for such purposes does not infringe upon your privacy rights).When we no longer have a need to keep your information, we will either delete it from our systems or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you.Your Rights and ChoicesYou have the following rights related to the information that we maintain about you:The right to be informed about how your information is used. This is the reason we provide this Privacy Notice to you.The right to access the information we hold about you.The right to request the correction of inaccurate information we hold about you. You can correct some of this information in your account settings.In some circumstances, the right to request that we delete your information, or stop processing it or collecting it.The right to stop direct marketing messages, which you can do through your preferences here or by clicking on any "unsubscribe" link in any marketing email you receive from us. You also have the right to withdraw, with effect for the future, your consent for other processing activities for which you have given us your consent. Regarding your cookie settings, you can do this anytime using the "Cookie Settings" link in the footer of our website.The right to request that we transfer your information either to you or a third party.The right to, at any time, object to data processing based on legitimate interest or for direct marketing purposes.If you want to exercise your rights, please complete the Subject Access Request Form here. If you have any questions or concerns, please reach out to us using the contact information below.Moreover, you have the right to complain to your data protection regulator.Transfers Outside of EuropeWayfair is headquartered in the USA. While Wayfair Stores Limited is an independent entity, its operations, sales, and online presence are closely tied to Wayfair LLC (which is its parent company in the USA). As a result of this relationship, your information will be transferred to the USA to be processed by Wayfair LLC.Wayfair LLC is a data controller and has committed to complying with this Privacy Notice and European privacy laws with regard to information transferred from Europe. The USA does not have a decision of adequacy from the European Commission, meaning that the laws in the USA may not be as protective as the laws in Europe. Because of this, Wayfair has taken steps to protect your rights when your information is transferred to the USA through the use of the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses.Third Party LinksWe may provide links to third-party web sites that we do not own or control. We are not responsible for the information collection practices of these third-party websites and do not endorse such practices. We encourage you to review and understand the privacy practices of third-party websites before providing any information to or through them.Children's PrivacyThe Site and the App are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect information from children under 16. If we learn that we have collected information from a child under 16, we will take steps to obtain the consent of that child's parent or guardian prior to processing that child's information any further. If do not obtain the parent or guardian's consent, we will delete the child's information from our systems.Changes to this Privacy NoticeWe may change this Privacy Notice from time to time to reflect new ways that we process your information. If we make significant changes that affect your information, we will provide you notice of such changes through the Site, the App, by email, or some other means of contact. This notice will give you an opportunity to review the changes before we use your information in these different ways.How to Contact Us / Data Protection OfficerWe always want to hear from our customers - especially with your questions, comments or concerns about our privacy practices. Please don't hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer by sending us an email at DataProtectionOfficer@wayfair.com or writing us at:WayfairAttn: Data Protection OfficerKarl-Liebknecht-Str. 2910178 BerlinDeutschland  Terms and Conditions of Use and Sale  Terms and Conditions of Use and SaleLast Updated April 17, 2019The following terms govern your use the website wayfair.co.uk (being the "Site").PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE AND SALE INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMER SECTIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE AND/OR SUBMITTING AN ORDER. By using this Site and submitting an order, you agree to the following terms of use and sale (the "Terms of Use and Sale") and our privacy policy. If you do not agree to these terms, you may not use this Site or submit an order. WAYFAIR STORES LIMITED ("Wayfair", "we" or "us") reserves the right to modify, alter, or update these Terms of Use and Sale from time to time. By accepting these Terms of Use and Sale, you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations, or updates.1. Terms of UseGeneralThe information contained in this Site, including but not limited to the rules that govern the use of the Site, may be subject to change. The date of the latest change(s) to these Terms of Use and Sale is set out above at "Last Updated". Your use of the Site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the rules, as changed. Any such change(s) will not affect the terms of sale applicable to orders accepted by us prior to the date of such change(s).CopyrightAll Site design, text, graphics, and the selection and arrangement thereof are the property of WAYFAIR STORES LIMITED, all rights reserved, or in the case of product material, all text and graphics are copyright protected by the original owner, all rights reserved. Permission is granted to you to copy electronically and to print in hard copy portions of this Site for the sole purpose of using this Site as an information resource (or of ordering goods or services and using this Site as a shopping resource). Any other use of materials on this Site-including reproduction for purposes other than noted above, modification, distribution, or reproduction-without the prior written permission of WAYFAIR STORES LIMITED is strictly prohibited.TrademarksThe Wayfair.co.uk Site and Wayfair.co.uk mark and logo are service marks of WAYFAIR STORES LIMITED. All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited herein or on the Site are the property of their respective owners.Links to Other Web SitesWe make no claim or representation, and accept no responsibility, regarding the quality, nature, or reliability of any external or third party sites accessible by hyperlinks from this Site, or any external or third party sites linking to this Site.Warranties and Disclaimers: Use of this SiteWe intend for the information and data contained in the Site or provided via other channels, including but not limited to phone and email, to be accurate and reliable, however, since the information and data have been compiled from a variety of sources, it is provided "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE". You expressly agree that your use of this Site is at your sole risk. WE, SOLELY TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SUCH WARRANTIES CAN BE EXCLUDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW, EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, RELATING TO AVAILABILITY OF THE SITE OR TO INFORMATION AND DATA CONTAINED IN OR REFERENCED BY THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS, NON-INFRINGEMENT, COMPATIBILITY, SECURITY, ACCURACY, CONDITIONS OF COMPLETENESS, OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OR TRADE.Limitation of Liability: Use of this SiteIN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS, SUBSIDIARIES, DISTRIBUTORS, AFFILIATES OR THIRD PARTIES PROVIDING INFORMATION ON THIS SITE OR VIA OTHER CHANNELS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO PHONE AND EMAIL, BE LIABLE TO ANY USER OF THE SITE OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF USE) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREON, WHETHER BASED UPON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EXCEPT WHERE LIABILITY CANNOT BE EXCLUDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW.NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE, OR FOR FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.You hereby acknowledge that the preceding paragraph shall apply to all information or data available from us through the Site or other channels.Governing LawThe Site is operated by us from our offices in Boston, Massachusetts, USA. These terms of use and any non-contractual obligations arising from them or in relation to them shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of any claim arising out of or in connection with these terms (including non-contractual disputes) in the English courts. If however, you live in Scotland, Northern Ireland or Ireland, you can also bring legal proceedings in Scotland, Northern Ireland or Ireland (as relevant).We make no representation that the information in the Site is appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to the Site from territories where the content of the Site may be illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use. Copyright 2002 – 2020, WAYFAIR STORES LIMITED. All rights reserved.2. Terms of SaleThe following sets out the terms and conditions upon which we supply products to you. Where you are buying products as a consumer, nothing in these terms and conditions affects your legal rights, and we have a legal duty to supply products that conform to the contract between us. Further information regarding your legal rights can be found on the Citizens Advice website at www.adviceguide.org.uk.Order AcceptanceIf we accept your order, we will send you a confirmation of this by email. The receipt of an email order confirmation by you constitutes our acceptance of an order and the conclusion of a contract between us to sell the goods you have ordered, subject to these terms (the "Contract"). You should retain that email for your records. Whereas, following such acceptance, we will always seek to meet the requirements of your order, there may be circumstances following confirmation where we are unable to ship products due to unavailability (of which we were not aware at the time of confirmation of the order). If that is the case, we will notify you as soon as possible and will refund the money for the unavailable products back onto your card or into your account. If the payment process has not begun at that time, the money for such products will not be taken out of your account or from your card. Our acceptance does not therefore guarantee and is subject to the availability of products following the receipt of the confirmation email by you.Our productsPrices and availability of products on the Site are subject to change without notice. While we endeavour not to make any errors on the Site and to ensure that the descriptions, details and dimensions of our products, our prices and other information about us or our products, are accurate and up to date, errors can occur. Errors will be corrected when discovered, and we reserve the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions (including after an order has been submitted). If we identify an error that materially impacts your confirmed order, we will notify you as soon as possible and will provide you with the option of cancelling your order in full or the part(s) of your order affected by the misinformation. If you make such a cancellation, the money for the cancelled part of your order will be refunded to your account or onto your card (or will not be taken at all if the payment process has not begun at that time). This in no way restricts or limits your ability to return the goods in line with our returns policy.Prices and PaymentThe price of the product will be as shown on the order pages when you place your order. Payment for the product is required on dispatch. If items are shipped in instalments, payment may be taken in instalments as each is product is dispatched (but will not exceed the order total). Where payment has not been received, we are under no obligation to deliver the product to you. Our invoice(s) for the price of the products you purchase are set out in the email order confirmation we send to you. You can also review and print these invoices at any time by logging in to "My Account" section of the Site. You should retain copies of the invoices for your records.Klarna Payment OptionsIn cooperation with Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Sweden, we offer you the following payment options. Payment is to be made to Klarna:Pay Later (invoice 30 days)Pay in 30 days: The payment period is 30 days from shipment of the goods or tickets/ availability date of the service. You can find the complete terms and conditions for the this payment method in the United Kingdom is available here.Pay Later in 3 instalmentsPay Later in 3 instalments: Pay later in 3 will allow you to spread the cost of your purchase over 3 equal payments. The payment for each instalment will automatically be collected from the debit or credit card you entered at checkout. Your first instalment will be collected when your order is confirmed by the merchant and instalments 2 and 3 are scheduled 30 and 60 days later, respectively. You can find the terms and conditions for Pay Later in 3 instalments here.Slice itWith the financing service from Klarna you can pay your purchase in flexible or fixed monthly instalments according to the conditions stated in the checkout. The instalment payment is due at the end of each month after submission of a separate monthly invoice by Klarna. Further information regarding Slice It including terms and conditions and Standard European Consumer Credit Information you can find here.The payment methods Pay later and Slice It are only available in case of a positive credit assessment. For this purpose, during the order process and handling of your purchase, we forward your data for an address and credit check to Klarna. We can only offer you the payment methods available based on the result of the credit check. General information about Klarna and the user terms per country can be found on klarna.com. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarnas privacy statement.DeliveryTypical methods and costs of delivery are as shown here and are confirmed at checkout. We will give you an estimated date for delivery, and we will endeavour to deliver any products ordered within the estimated period and will deliver your order within 30 days of the Contract date unless otherwise agreed with you as stated in our email order confirmation (see Order Acceptance, above). Please note that some products require a signature as proof of delivery.Delivery may be delayed due to circumstances outside of our control. If this occurs, we will notify you as soon as possible and take steps to minimise the effect of the delay. We shall have no liability for delays.In the event of a failed delivery to you, our courier may re-attempt delivery, leave your delivery with a neighbour or in a safe place outside of your home or leave you a card or contact you to re-arrange delivery. In such event, we may charge you for storage costs and further delivery costs. If we are unable to contact you to re-arrange delivery, we may end the Contract.Risk and OwnershipYou will be responsible for the products from the time we deliver the products to you at the stipulated delivery address. You will own a product once we have received payment in full for that product.Right to CancelYou have certain rights to cancel your Contract as set out in our Returns Policy. Your rights depend upon what you have bought, the reason for your return and when you decide to end the Contract. If you have taken advantage of any manufacturer’s warranty applicable to the product you have bought you may have rights under that warranty which you should direct to the manufacturer.Certain orders may constitute improper use of our Site and "Wayfair Rewards". We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any Contract for any reason. Payment will not be taken, or will be refunded, for any refused orders. Your account, including Wayfair Rewards, may also be restricted or terminated for any reason, at our sole discretion, if you have breached these Terms of Use and Sale or any other policy or terms of use relating to the Site or if you have otherwise misused the Site. Verification of certain information may be required prior to the acceptance of any order. An order may not be accepted if such information is not forthcoming from you following such a request.Warranties and Disclaimers: Sale of GoodsWe are under a legal duty to supply products that are in conformity with the Contract and, where you buy as a consumer, you have certain rights, including legal rights relating to faulty or misdescribed goods which apply in addition to our Returns Policy.To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, we disclaim any and all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to the products. This does not affect your legal rights where you buy as a consumer, nor does it affect your rights to cancel any Contract under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013.Limitation of Liability: Sale of GoodsWe are only responsible for losses that are a natural, foreseeable consequence of our breach of these Terms of Sale. IN NO EVENT SHALL WE OR OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS, OR SUBSIDIARIES BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER ANY CONTRACT FORMED UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE AND SALE:WHERE YOU ARE A BUSINESS, TO ANY BUSINESS FOR ANY LOSS OF REVENUE, PROFITS, ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, GOODWILL OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, OR ANY INJURY TO BUSINESS REPUTATION; ORANY LOSSES THAT ARE NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE BY BOTH OF US AT THE TIME OF THE CONTRACT.WHERE YOU BUY AS A CONSUMER, THESE TERMS OF USE AND SALE AND OUR RETURNS POLICY WILL NOT AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS UNDER LAW WHICH CANNOT BE OTHERWISE EXCLUDED. FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR LOCAL CITIZENS ADVICE BUREAU.NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF SALE SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE, FOR FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION, OR FOR BREACH OF YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS IN RELATION TO THE PRODUCTS.You hereby acknowledge that the preceding paragraph shall apply to all products or services you buy from us through the Site or other channels.Disputes: Sale of GoodsIf you have any issue regarding a product or service you have bought from us, you can seek to settle the dispute out-of-court through an Alternative Dispute Resolution or Online Dispute Resolution (ADR / ODR) procedure. These procedures are an alternative to resolving disputes by arbitration or before a court and as such they are called Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR). When they are carried out online, they are called Online Dispute Resolution (ODR).Resolving disputes through ADR/ODR, in general, is easier, faster and less expensive than resolving disputes before a court. Under the EU-wide ODR Regulation, the European Commission has established a European Online Dispute Resolution platform (ODR platform). The ODR platform is a web-based platform that is specifically designed to help consumers who have bought goods or services online and subsequently have a problem with that online purchase. It allows you to submit your contractual dispute and conduct the ADR procedure online and in any of the 23 official languages of the European Union.The ODR platform is accessible here: https://ec.europa.eu/odr.Our DetailsRegistered Name: WAYFAIR STORES LIMITEDRegistered at: WAYFAIR STORES LIMITED, Wayfair House, Tuam Road, Galway Co. Galway, IrelandCompany Registration No.: 457604VAT No: GB922944513Governing LawThese Terms of Sale and any contractual or non-contractual obligations arising from them or in relation to them shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of any claim arising out of or in connection with these terms (including non-contractual disputes) in the English courts. If however, you live in Scotland, Northern Ireland or Ireland, you can also bring legal proceedings in Scotland, Northern Ireland or Ireland (as relevant).  Wayfair Rewards Program TermsThe Wayfair Rewards Program (the "Rewards Program") is exclusively for users of the Site who have registered for the Rewards Program in accordance with the directions set forth below and on the Site. Rewards Pounds may be applied to future purchases at the Site in accordance with the terms set forth below and our Terms of Use. Enrollment in the Rewards Program is automatic with registration at the Site.Membership Benefits  Rewards Pounds Earned Members may earn a specified "Rewards Pounds" from  Referral Program Product Review Program  Redemption Period Three months from date on which Rewards-eligible purchase is made  Referral ProgramWayfair's Referral Program is designed to reward existing members ("Sponsors") with Rewards Pounds for referring new members ("Recipients") to Wayfair. Sponsors can refer as many friends as he or she would like, but will only receive Rewards Pounds for up to 10 successful referrals per month. If a Recipient's qualifying order is cancelled, Rewards Pounds will be voided. Previous purchases are not eligible for Rewards Pounds and Rewards Pounds cannot be applied retroactively. Invitations must be sent to individual recipients. Any attempt to distribute in bulk is grounds for immediate termination of the Sponsor's account and deactivation of their personal referral link. Distribution of Rewards bonuses is subject to moderation in cases of suspected fraud.Business and Trade Referral ProgramSponsors will only receive their Rewards Pounds after their Recipient has used their unique promo code and their order has shipped. Sponsors will be notified by email when their Rewards Pounds are available for use. Rewards Pounds credited to Sponsors will only be valid for 90 days. If the Recipient does not use the unique promo code within 30 days, it will expire and no longer be valid. Previous purchases are not eligible for Rewards Pounds and Rewards Pounds cannot be applied retroactively. Orders containing Gift Certificate purchases are not eligible. Bulk distribution and distribution to strangers is prohibited. Violation of this is grounds for immediate termination of the Sponsor's account and deactivation of their personal referral link. Distribution of referral promo codes and Rewards Pounds is subject to moderation in cases of suspected fraud.Product Reviews ProgramWayfair's Product Review Program is designed to rewards existing members to write product review on product purchased on the Site. Members may be rewarded specified Rewards Pounds or may be offered other benefits for such reviews.Redemption of Rewards PoundsWayfair will post all earned Rewards Pounds on your account within a reasonable amount of time after the confirmed shipment of your qualifying purchase. Rewards Pounds can be only redeemed and applied as a credit against a purchase from one of our participating Sites. Rewards Pounds cannot be used to purchase gift cards, gift certificates, or manufacturer-excluded brands. Rewards Pounds are not redeemable for cash and cannot be returned for a cash refund, except to the extent required by law. Rewards Pounds will be automatically applied to your purchase at Checkout. If you do not wish to redeem Rewards Pounds at the time of purchase, select "Remove" at Checkout. Rewards Dollars may be combined with Wayfair promo codes, but not with any other Wayfair promotion, offer, or other discount. No credits or refunds will be issued for any reason after Rewards Pounds have been redeemed, including for unused Rewards Pounds, except as described in "Returns" below. Rewards Pounds can be used against product cost and shipping cost only. For orders with multiple items, Rewards Pounds will be applied across all items proportionally based on the pound amount. Wayfair may apply other restrictions to or terminate the Reward Program at any time.ReturnsIf you return an item that was purchased in whole or in part using Rewards Pounds, the return will be processed in accordance with Wayfair's return and exchange policy. If the return is accepted by Wayfair, the Rewards Pounds applicable to the returned item will be credited back to your account.Rewards Pounds BalanceYou can check your Rewards Pounds balance at any time by logging in at "My Account". A valid email address and password are required to view the Rewards Pounds balance in your account. Wayfair is not liable for any failure, delay or error in crediting Rewards Pounds to an account. You are responsible for all activity occurring in or through your account, including the redemption of Rewards Pounds, whether or not the activity was authorized.ExpirationRewards Pounds not used during the applicable Redemption Period will be forfeited. You may cancel Rewards Pounds by calling 0800 169 0423, but members recognized on the Site are unable to opt-out of the program.Non-Transferability and Non-Aggregation of Rewards PoundsRewards Pounds and any other right, obligation or benefit of the Rewards Program may not be transferred, assigned, sold, traded or bartered by any member or any other person without Wayfair's prior written consent, which Wayfair may withhold in its sole discretion, and any attempt to do any of the foregoing shall be null and void. In addition, Rewards Pounds are for the member's personal use only. Members may not aggregate Rewards Pounds from multiple accounts or use Rewards Pounds for the purpose of purchasing products at the Site on behalf of others or for the purpose of reselling such products to others.  Wayfair.co.uk Gift Certificate Terms and Conditions  Wayfair.co.uk Gift Certificate Terms and ConditionsThe following terms and conditions (the "Terms") apply to any Wayfair.co.uk electronic gift certificate originally purchased by you or someone on your behalf (the "gift certificate") through the Wayfair.co.uk web site. Gift certificates are issued by WAYFAIR STORES LIMITED (referred to hereinafter as either "Wayfair", "we", "us" or "our"). By purchasing a gift certificate, accepting and retaining a gift certificate, or using a gift certificate, you agree to these Terms.Gift cards are valid in the country and currency in which they were purchased. Gift cards purchased on Wayfair.com, AllModern.com, BirchLane.com, JossandMain.com, or Perigold.com can be used interchangeably. Gift cards purchased on Wayfair.ca can only be redeemed on Wayfair.ca. Gift cards purchased on Wayfair.co.uk can only be redeemed on Wayfair.co.uk. Gift cards purchased on Wayfair.de can only be redeemed on Wayfair.de.Gift certificates cannot be used to purchase gift certificates or gift cards.Gift certificates are not redeemable for cash and cannot be returned for a cash refund, except to the extent required by law.Gift cards are not re-sellable, and gift card orders cannot be cancelled, updated or refunded.E-gift cards may not be redeemable for up to 4 hours on weekdays, and up to 12 hours on weekends.Use of the gift certificate is limited to the amount of funds held on the gift certificate. The full amount of each purchase, including taxes, will be deducted from the funds held on the gift certificate, up to the total funds available on the gift certificate. Any unused balance will be placed in the recipient's gift certificate account and is not transferable. If you make a purchase and there are insufficient funds held on the gift certificate to cover that purchase, you must pay the difference by a valid credit card or debit card. To the extent permitted by law, the original expiration date will apply to any unused balance.The risk of loss and title for gift certificates pass to the purchaser upon our electronic transmission to the purchaser. We are not responsible for and will not replace lost or stolen gift certificates. Protect your gift certificate as if it were cash and safeguard the gift certificate from authorized use.Wayfair may provide gift certificate purchasers with information about the redemption status of gift certificates.Wayfair reserves the right to change these Terms from time to time in its discretion. Such revised terms will be effective as to any gift certificates purchased after the date said revised Terms are posted to the Wayfair web sites.Resale of a gift certificate or use for unauthorized advertising, marketing, sweepstakes or other promotional purposes is strictly prohibited. Your right to use the funds on the gift certificate is a limited right, subject to these Terms and applicable law. We are not responsible for pricing, typographical, or other errors, in any offer and reserve the right to cancel any orders resulting from such errors.If we suspect any fraud or misuse in connection with a gift certificate, we reserve the right in our discretion to suspend or terminate use of the gift certificate.The consideration paid for the gift certificate, including any unredeemed balances, is the property of the Wayfair.We do not currently collect or maintain any personally identifiable information regarding the purchasers of the Cards. However, we reserve the right to obtain personal information about you in accordance with the privacy policy found here if such information is necessary to service the Card or respond to your inquiries or for other purposes.If any one or more of the covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of these Terms shall be for any reason whatsoever held invalid, then such covenants, agreements, provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of these Terms shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions of these Terms.These Terms sets forth the entire understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and all prior understandings, written or oral, are superseded by these Terms. All terms and conditions set forth herein are applicable to the extent permitted by law.  Wayfair Cookies and Cookie CategoriesWayfair utilises cookies for such features as providing basic website functionality, storing preferences, and offering a tailored experience. Cookies are defined by category as shown below.Cookie Types & Descriptions Necessary: These cookies are necessary for you to interact with Wayfair.co.uk's basic features. For example, they allow you to navigate the site, securely access important areas like your shopping cart, and more. Also, necessary cookies are used to maintain the website's security features. Customer Preferences: These cookies help us remember your actions so your site experience is tailored to your unique needs. This is how the site remembers items you viewed recently and makes certain interactions faster, like search. These cookies are also needed to preserve your preferences. Analytics: These cookies send data to Wayfair for the purpose of analysing customer behaviour so we can learn from your interactions to improve site experience for everyone. For instance, this data helps us better understand how users are finding information and which areas of the site are most helpful. This way we can evaluate site performance and functionality to continuously develop, customise, and improve our services and offerings. Advertising: These cookies are needed to enable that Wayfair advertisements published on our partners' websites can be tailored to your personal interests. These cookies track your browsing habits so that the advertisements you see are relevant to your needs.In the below table, you can find details on cookies used by Wayfair including name, description, third party provider (where applicable), and duration.  Name Category Description Domain Duration  __pxvid Necessary Used for browser detection, which helps us to identify malicious bots on our site. (PerimeterX) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 year  __ssid Necessary Used for fraud detection and prevention. This identifies unique visitors. (Sift Science) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de  __stripe_mid Necessary Used to execute credit card payments and detect and prevent fraud. The cookie remembers the user in order to enable the processing of payments without the need for the website to collect or store credit card information. (Stripe) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 year  __stripe_sid Necessary Used to execute credit card payments and detect and prevent fraud. The cookie remembers the user in order to enable the processing of payments without the need for the website to collect or store credit card information. (Stripe) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 30 minutes  _px Necessary Used to maintain a PerimeterX session, which helps us to identify malicious bots on our site. (PerimeterX) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 2 days  _px_8682784832_cs Necessary Used for detecting malicious requests to web pages and API endpoints on our web sites and services to prevent abuse (e.g. hijacking the user session or improperly redirecting to false page and scripts) and improve the security of the user experience. (PerimeterX) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 30 minutes  _px_f394gi7Fvmc43dfg_user_id Necessary Used for detecting malicious requests to web pages and API endpoints on our web sites and services to prevent abuse (e.g. hijacking the user session or improperly redirecting to false page and scripts) and improve the security of the user experience. (PerimeterX) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 2 days  _px3 Necessary Used to maintain a PerimeterX session, which helps us to identify malicious bots on our site. (PerimeterX) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 2 days  _pxCaptcha Necessary Determines whether to serve the PerimeterX reCAPTCHA, which helps us to identify malicious bots on our site. (PerimeterX) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de  _pxff_cc Necessary Used to flag features for browser detection, which helps us to identify malicious bots on our site. This does not contain user-specific data. (PerimeterX) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 day  _pxff_fp Necessary Used to flag features for browser detection, which helps us to identify malicious bots on our site. This does not contain user-specific data. (PerimeterX) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 day  _pxff_idp_c Necessary Used for browser detection, which helps us to identify malicious bots on our site. (PerimeterX) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 year  _pxff_rf Necessary Used to flag features for browser detection, which helps us to identify malicious bots on our site. This does not contain user-specific data. (PerimeterX) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 day  _pxff_tm Necessary Used to flag features for browser detection, which helps us to identify malicious bots on our site. This does not contain user-specific data. (PerimeterX) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 day  _pxhd Necessary Used for server-side bot detection, which helps us to identify malicious bots on our site. (PerimeterX) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 year  _pxvid Necessary Used for browser detection, which helps us to identify malicious bots on our site. (PerimeterX) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 year  app_info Necessary Used on Android to work around a problem with persistent login. If this cookie were not set, it would cause Android users to have to repeatedly log in to their Wayfair accounts. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 day  AppInterstitial Necessary Used to save the last time the app interstitial was shown to ensure it is not shown to a user more than once every 72 hours. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 3 days  canary Necessary Used to expose a smaller subset of users to newer versions of the site so that fewer users experience bugs that would otherwise affect all users. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  cc_post_exp Necessary Monitors whether invalid cookies are present that need to be expired. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 7 days  cc_pref_on Necessary Used to help determine if cookie filtering is enabled for the current user. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 year  cc_silent_test_enabled Necessary Used to help determine if the current user is included in the cookie filtering "silent test." We use this to help us verify that our cookie filtering is working as expected. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 8 hours  ClickLocation Necessary Used to determine where a user clicks on the website in order to understand and troubleshoot navigation on the site. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 second  ClickLocationMetadata Necessary Used to determine additional details about the user's click on the website to understand and troubleshoot navigation on the site. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 second  CookiesPolicy Necessary Used to determine if we show a version of our cookie banner for non-European site visitors. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 3650 days  CSN Necessary Remembers a postal code provided by the user on the website in order to present the respective availability and delivery information to that user.  wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  CSN_CT Necessary Set to ensure a user is not automatically logged out after a 20-minute logged in period expires. If this cookie were not set, users could potentially be logged out mid-session. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  csn_redir_caid Necessary Set to avoid an infinite redirect loop, which would ultimately end with a page timing out entirely. After the user is redirected, the cookie is deleted. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Deleted immediately after redirect  csn_redir_gc Necessary Set to prevent a redirect loop when redirecting users to the gift cards landing page. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 10 minutes  CSNADA Necessary Used to help authenticate users and convey the user's authentication level. Without this cookie, we don't have the ability to recognize a user's log in state, and the user would not be able to check out on site. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 30 days  CSNBrief Necessary Holds information on user's geographic preferences so the website can land them on the right store. It also caches details on the website for site performance optimization and prevents malicious site attacks. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  CSNID Necessary A user identifier that ensures that users can use the shopping cart, lists, registries, my account and other features without being forced to log in repeatedly. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  CSNUtId Necessary Set as a device identifier used to identify the user device across sessions. Used to enhance the user experience by preventing one time features like modal messages from showing on every page. Also used to identify non-human activity on our properties and potential malicious actors or bots to improve overall site security. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  CustomerPortal.SurveyCompleted Necessary Determines whether a user has been provided with a delivery survey in order to suppress repeated requests for participation. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Session  device_id Necessary Set as a device identifier used to identify the user device across sessions. Used to enhance the user experience by preventing one time features like modal messages from showing on every page. Also used to identify non-human activity on our properties and potential malicious actors or bots, to improve overall site security. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de  exCSNUtId Necessary Used to identify the user device across sessions. Used to enhance the user experience by preventing one time features like modal messages from showing on every page. Also used to identify non-human activity on our properties and potential malicious actors or bots and to improve overall site security. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  exit_intent_modal_desktop_shown_count Necessary Remembers a user's choice to dismiss a Newsletter desktop pop up in order to limit the number of times it's shown to them. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 day  exit_intent_modal_mobile_shown Necessary Remembers a user's choice to dismiss a Newsletter mobile pop up in order to limit the number of times it's shown to them. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 day  EXITINTENT_MODAL_nooptinHardClosed Necessary Remembers a user's choice to dismiss a Newsletter pop up by clicking anywhere on the website in order to suppress the pop up on future visits. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 30 days  EXITINTENT_MODAL_nooptinSoftClosed Necessary Remembers a user's choice to dismiss a Newsletter pop up by clicking anywhere on the website in order to suppress the pop up on future visits. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 3 days  featureDetect Necessary Used to determine features of the device the user is on (i.e. screen size, isTouch, is a phone / tablet / desktop) to display the device-specific features appropriately. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Session  forcelogging Necessary We utilize logging onsite to be able to record how are systems are functioning to enable debugging. This cookie controls what and what volume of data is sent to our logging systems. When debugging a page, there are many additional server requests that are made besides the main page load and request. Without this cookie, we wouldn't have a reliable way to ensure we were capturing the data from those requests. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 hour  g_state Necessary Remembers a user's choice to use, dismiss or ignore the option to log into their Wayfair Account via Google 1-tap in order to determine whether to present that login functionality in the future. (Google) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de  GatewayContinue Necessary Remembers a user's choice to dismiss a Newsletter pop up in order to limit the number of times it's shown to them. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 day  GatewayDismiss Necessary Remembers a user's choice to dismiss a Newsletter pop up in order to limit the number of times it's shown to them. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 day  hideGoogleYolo Necessary Remembers a user's choice to use, dismiss or ignore the option to log into their Wayfair Account via Google 1-tap in order to determine whether to present that login functionality in the future. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 day  ibb Necessary Used to identify issues with Wayfair-owned domains or pages being unable to load in the browser. Typically caused by javascript being disabled or a page / domain being blocked by an adblocker. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 day  klarna-shopping-browser-session-id Necessary Used to execute credit card payments and detect and prevent fraud. The cookie remembers the user in order to enable the processing of payments without the need for the website to collect or store credit card information. (Klarna) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de  lastRskxRun Necessary Used for fraud detection and prevention. This contains internal flags/timestamps used by the Riskified beacon to throttle beacon readings in case of massive amounts of beacon readings and doesn't contain any information about the user. (Riskified) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de  LowIntentModal_nooptinHardClosed Necessary Remembers a user's choice to dismiss a Newsletter pop up by clicking the "x" in order to suppress the pop up on future visits. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 30 days  LowIntentModal_nooptinSoftClosed Necessary Remembers a user's choice to dismiss a Newsletter pop up by clicking anywhere on the website in order to suppress the pop up on future visits. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 3 days  LowIntentModalHardClosed Necessary Remembers a user's choice to dismiss a Newsletter pop up by clicking the "x" in order to suppress the pop up on future visits. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 30 days  LowIntentModalSoftClosed Necessary Remembers a user's choice to dismiss a Newsletter pop up by clicking anywhere on the website in order to suppress the pop up on future visits. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 3 days  otx Necessary Used to determine the previous website page viewed by a user in order to understand and troubleshoot navigation on the site. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 90 seconds  rCookie Necessary Used for fraud detection and prevention. This is a unique browser identifier, is used in Riskified's linking features, and helps analyze fraud patterns. (Riskified) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de  rskxRunCookie Necessary Used for fraud detection and prevention. This contains internal flags/timestamps used by the Riskified beacon to throttle beacon readings in case of massive amounts of beacon readings and doesn't contain any information about the user. (Riskified) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de  Scribe Necessary Used to determine where a user clicks on the website in order to understand and troubleshoot navigation on the site. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 second  serverUAInfo Necessary Used to determine browser-specific attributes and device-specific attributes in order to best optimize the site for that device (e.g. if the device has touch capabilities, then enable touch features; if the device has a small screen size, adopt the layout of the page). wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Session  SFSID Necessary Provides a user with a consistent experience over multiple page visits (e.g. without that cookie, items in a user's cart would disappear when browsing to the next page of the website). It is also used for security application (e.g. to prevent malicious sites from submitting unauthorized requests on a user's behalf). wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Session  user_cookie_prefs Necessary Saves a user's cookie filtering preferences. It specifies each type of cookie (Customer Preferences, Analytics, Advertising) that the user permits and we use this information to control how we filter other cookies. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  vid Necessary Identifies whether the user's activity should be considered a new session or part of an existing session. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 200 minutes  waychatShouldChatHead FollowCustomer Necessary Ensures that after a user initiates a chat conversation, the chat modal will follow them as they navigate the site, until they end the conversation. Without this cookie, the chat modal could disappear mid-conversation, leaving the user without a resolution to their problem and requiring them to contact our customer service team again. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 3 hours  WFCS Necessary Remembers the datacenter where the user's customer data is stored to minimize latency and ensure a fast website experience. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 year  WFDC Necessary Remembers the datacenter where the user's customer data is stored to ensure a consistent website experience for their current session. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 3 hours  wfgelfs Necessary Saves information about unexpected errors and exceptions like the number of exceptions and types of exceptions. It alerts engineers to site breakages and without setting this cookie, we run risk allowing degraded experiences to go unnoticed. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  wflang Necessary Used to determine the user language on the website. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  WFSID Necessary Provides a user with a consistent experience over multiple page visits (e.g. without this cookie, items in a user's cart would disappear when browsing to the next page of the website). wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Session  categoryID Customer Preferences Used to customize the departments dropdown with product subcategories based on the page a user is on. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  CSN_WAN Customer Preferences Used to easily identify whether the user can login via faceid, touchid, or other webauthn platform authenticators using the current user agent. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  CSN_WAN_OPT_OUT Customer Preferences Used to easily identify whether a user has opted out of webauthn enrollment for faceid, touchid, or other webauthn platform authenticators. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 90 days  CSNPersist Customer Preferences Used to keep a B2B promotions card from showing again after the user has dismissed it. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  customerHasPdpViews Customer Preferences Used to show the user recently viewed products. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  isInRedesignedB2BHeaderControl Customer Preferences Used for B2B A/B testing to ensure the user stays in the control group when navigating across Wayfair sites. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  isInRedesignedB2BHeaderVariation Customer Preferences Used for B2B A/B testing to ensure the user stays in the variation group when navigating across Wayfair sites. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  latestSearch Customer Preferences Used to populate the search bar with the user's most recent search when they land on a browse or keyword page after executing a search. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  newsletter_promo_doi_sent Customer Preferences Hides the newsletter sign up module on site if a user has already signed up to email newsletters. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 60 days  openStylerPlanLaneDrawerOnPageLoad Customer Preferences Used to pop open the Styler drawer in the 3D Room Planner. Without the cookie present, upon going to the Styler page, the drawer would not pop open and the user would see the create new Styler screen rather than their list of existing rooms. This cookie is created and immediately deleted on load of the next page. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Until the next page load  PopupLastShown Customer Preferences Used to determine if the current user is eligible for certain pop ups. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 14 days  reviewer_details Customer Preferences Used to remember how a user's name and location are displayed next to product reviews, which users can set or change in their Account Preferences. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 hour  TriedAndTrueInvitationDismissed Customer Preferences Used to ensure the Tried and True program invitation is not shown to users who have already accepted it. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  wf_smart_banner Customer Preferences Hides the app download banner that appears at the top of the screen on mWeb if a user has already dismissed it. wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 30 days  _ga Analytics Contains a randomly generated User-ID. This ID enables Google Analytics to recognize returning users on this website and to merge data from previous visits. (Google) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 2 years  _gac_UA-########-## Analytics This cookie is set when a user clicks on a Google advertisement to reach the website. It contains information about which ad was clicked, so that achievements such as orders or contact requests can be attributed to the ad. (Google) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 90 days  _gac_UA-2082020-1 Analytics Contains a randomly generated User-ID. This ID enables Google Analytics to recognize returning users on this website and to merge data from previous visits. (Google) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 90 days  _gac_UA-33652774-3 Analytics This cookie is set when a user clicks on a Google advertisement to reach the website. It contains information about which ad was clicked, so that achievements such as orders or contact requests can be attributed to the ad. (Google) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 90 days  _gac_UA-5751623-10 Analytics This cookie is set when a user clicks on a Google advertisement to reach the website. It contains information about which ad was clicked, so that achievements such as orders or contact requests can be attributed to the ad. (Google) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 91 days  _gac_UA-7016910-6 Analytics This cookie is set when a user clicks on a Google advertisement to reach the website. It contains information about which ad was clicked, so that achievements such as orders or contact requests can be attributed to the ad. (Google) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 90 days  _gat Analytics Certain data is only sent to Google Analytics once per minute at most. The cookie has a lifetime of one minute. As long as it is set, certain data transfers are blocked. (Google) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 minute  _gat_a Analytics Certain data is only sent to Google Analytics once per minute at most. The cookie has a lifetime of ten minutes. As long as it is set, certain data transfers are blocked. (Google) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 10 minutes  _gat_b Analytics Used to throttle requests to Google analytics servers to limit the requests sent from a user's browser to Doubleclick. (Google) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 10 minutes  _gat_gtag_UA_106855065_21 Analytics Used to throttle request rate. If Google Analytics is deployed via Google Tag Manager, this cookie will be named _dc_gtm_ < property_id >. (Google) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 10 minutes  _gat_UA-2081664-20 Analytics Used to throttle requests to Google analytics servers to limit the requests sent from a user's browser to Doubleclick. (Google) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 10 minutes  _gcl_aw Analytics This cookie is set when a user clicks on a Google advertisement to reach the website. It contains information about which ad was clicked, so that achievements such as orders or contact requests can be attributed to the ad. (Google) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de  _gid Analytics Contains a randomly generated User-ID. This ID enables Google Analytics to recognize returning users on this website and to merge data from previous visits. (Google) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 24 hours  _RCRTX03 Analytics Used to help track the success of job postings. (Recruitics) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de  _RCRTX03-samesite Analytics Used to help track the success of job postings. (Recruitics) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de  customField1 Analytics Tracks custom data in Scribe's click tracking event WebClick as a sub-cookie of the Scribe cookie. (Scribe) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 second  customField2 Analytics Tracks custom data in Scribe's click tracking event WebClick as a sub-cookie of the Scribe cookie. (Scribe) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 second  customField3 Analytics Tracks custom data in Scribe's click tracking event WebClick as a sub-cookie of the Scribe cookie. (Scribe) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 second  fs_uid Analytics Used to analyze on-site behavior. This data provides information that helps us improve your site experience. (Fullstory) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 year  id Analytics Tracks identifier in Scribe's click tracking event WebClick as a sub-cookie of the Scribe cookie. (Scribe) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 second  index Analytics Tracks position data in Scribe's click tracking event WebClick as a sub-cookie of the Scribe cookie. (Scribe) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 second  rx_jobid Analytics Used to help us understand how users are navigating the Wayfair careers site. The data in the cookie is the job id when visiting a job description page. (Recruitics) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de Maximum based on browser settings  sku Analytics Tracks sku data in Scribe's click tracking event WebClick as a sub-cookie of the Scribe cookie. (Scribe) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 1 second  ssm_au_c Analytics Used by Google Tag Manager and Google Analytics to save user preferences. (Google) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 24 hours  ssm_au_d Analytics Used by Google Tag Manager and Google Analytics to save user preferences. (Google) wayfair.co.uk; wayfair.de 24 hours  Advertising Cookie ProvidersBing (Microsoft)We use Microsoft Bing's ad platforms - specifically Bing's search related Ads and conversion tracking. Bing's web beacons are used on Wayfair properties to help personalize ads, optimize campaign performance in order to reduce costs, and to produce anonymous metrics and analytics, including conversion statistics related to ad campaigns. They accomplish this by using the beacons to limit the number of times you see an advertisement, to understand products you may be interested in, and to understand how effective a particular ad is in driving a user to make a purchase. The data they collect and cookies they may set are subject to their privacy policy and can be viewed here: https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement. You can change your preferences about the adverts you see on Bing by clicking here: https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-settings/.Commission Junction (subsidiary of Conversant Media)We use Commission Junction to help manage affiliates that refer users to Wayfair sites. Commission Junction's web beacons are placed on our site to confirm that an affiliate has successfully sent traffic to our site and give them credit for it. Affiliates receive a commission upon success confirmation through this process of using Commission Junction's beacons. The data they collect and cookies they may set are subject to their privacy policy and can be viewed here: https://www.conversantmedia.com/legal/privacy. You can change your preferences about interest-based advertising from Commission Junction here: https://www.conversantmedia.com/optout.CriteoCriteo specializes in creating and delivering personalized advertising through "Criteo Dynamic Retargeting" and "Criteo Sponsored Products." We utilize Criteo as an advertising service provider and utilize their web beacons to help personalize advertisements on the Criteo platform. Criteo uses these beacons to better understand what products you may be interested in and use that information to display ads related to those products to you. The data they collect and cookies they may set are subject to their privacy policy and can be viewed here (including the option to deactivate the Criteo services): https://www.criteo.com/privacy/.FacebookWe utilize Facebook as an advertising service provider and their web beacons (i.e. the Facebook Pixel) to help personalize advertisements on the Facebook platform. For this purpose, we may use and share information about how you use Wayfair and certain personal information about you with Facebook via the Facebook Pixel and by sending the information directly from our servers. This enables Facebook to help us deliver more relevant advertisements, and to produce anonymous metrics and analytics, including conversion statistics related to ad campaigns. They accomplish this by using the beacons to limit the number of times you see an advertisement, to understand products you may be interested in and to understand how effective a particular ad is in driving a user to make a purchase.Within the scope of online behavioral advertising, we also use the Facebook tool Custom Audience. We generate a hash value from your data (which may include name, email address, gender, date of birth, phone number, city, state and postcode) and send it to Facebook for analysis and marketing purposes. Facebook compares the hash value with the hash values of their own user data they already have. Through this comparison, Facebook learns which of our users is also a Facebook user. We learn whether a match exists and can target our advertising measures.The data they collect and cookies they may set are subject to their privacy policy. You can read more and change your preferences on Facebook here: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation.Google (Advertising Services)We utilize Google's ad platforms—specifically Product Listing Ads, Adwords, Search Engine Ads, and Ad Serving. Google's web beacons are used on Wayfair properties to help personalize ads, optimize campaign performance in order to reduce costs, and to produce anonymous metrics and analytics, including conversion statistics related to ad campaigns. They accomplish this by using the beacons to limit the number of times you see an advertisement, to understand products you may be interested in, and to understand how effective a particular ad is in driving a user to make a purchase. The data they collect and cookies they may set are subject to their privacy policy and can be viewed here: https://policies.google.com/privacy. You can change your preferences about the adverts you see on Google by clicking here: www.google.com/settings/ads.LiveIntentWe use LiveIntent as an advertising service provider and their web beacons help us personalize advertisements on the LiveIntent platform. The web beacons limit the number of times a customer sees an advertisement and help understand how effective a particular ad is in driving consumer marketing email subscriptions. The data they collect and cookies they may set are subject to their privacy policy and can be viewed here: https://www.liveintent.com/services-privacy-policy.Moebel.deMoebel.de is a furniture and interior design portal that refers users to Wayfair's sites. Their web beacons are used for conversion tracking purposes and are placed on our site in order to optimize the traffic that they send over to Wayfair. The data they collect and cookies they may set are subject to their privacy policy and can be viewed here: https://www.moebel.de/datenschutz.PinterestWe utilize Pinterest as an advertising service provider and their web beacons to help personalize advertisements on the Pinterest platform. These web beacons enable Pinterest to help us deliver more relevant advertisements, and to produce anonymous metrics and analytics, including conversion statistics related to ad campaigns. They accomplish this by using the beacons to limit the number of times you see an advertisement, to understand products you may be interested in and to understand how effective a particular ad is in driving a user to make a purchase. The data they collect and cookies they may set are subject to their privacy policy and can be viewed here: https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy. You can change your preferences about the adverts you see on Pinterest by clicking here: https://help.pinterest.com/en-gb/article/personalized-ads-on-pinterest.TaboolaWe utilize Taboola as an advertising service provider and their web beacons to help personalize advertisements on the Taboola platform. Taboola is used on many websites across the internet to display content-based advertisements. Their web beacons enable Taboola to help them deliver more relevant advertisements. They accomplish this by using the beacons to limit the number of times you see an advertisement, to understand products you may be interested in and to understand how effective a particular ad is in driving a consumer to subscribe to marketing emails. The data they collect and cookies they may set are subject to their privacy policy and can be viewed here (including the option to deactivate interest-based ads from Taboola): https://policies.taboola.com/en/privacy-policy/.Xandr (AppNexus)We utilize Appnexus to purchase and optimize advertisements on various sites across the internet. As a programmatic advertising platform, Appnexus provides Wayfair with the ability to purchase ads across a wide variety of sites through a single marketplace. Their web beacons are also used to help optimize those campaigns by delivering more relevant advertisements and optimizing campaign performance based on how effective a particular ad is in driving a user to make a purchase (conversion tracking). The data they collect and cookies they may set are subject to their privacy policy and can be viewed here: https://www.xandr.com/privacy/platform-privacy-policy/. You can deactivate interest-based ads from Xandr and access and delete your data at Xandr’s privacy center: https://platform.xandr.com/privacy-center/.Yahoo (Verizon Media)We utilize Yahoo to serve advertisements on their sites. Yahoo's web beacons are used to help optimize those campaigns by delivering more relevant advertisements and optimizing campaign performance based on how effective a particular ad is in driving a user to make a purchase (conversion tracking). The data they collect and cookies they may set are subject to their privacy policy and can be viewed here: https://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/ie/en/verizonmedia/privacy/index.html. You can adjust your settings and deactivate interest-based ads from Yahoo at Yahoo's Privacy Dashboard: https://yahoo.mydashboard.oath.com/lite.  Shopping Sustainable ProductsAt Wayfair, our goal is to help customers easily find products that meet their needs - which often includes meeting higher global standards for design and manufacturing. That's why we've added new search functionality and icons across our sites to enable shoppers to easily identify products that have features which are focused on sustainability. We're actively partnering with our suppliers to provide more products like these across Wayfair sites.Shop Sustainably iconsThroughout our site, you can select "Shop Sustainably" to view products that meet environmental, health, indoor air quality, or community-related standards or frameworks. The associated icons and attributes indicate that the product has been certified or aligns to specific standards, as indicated by the supplier. See below to learn more about each Shop Sustainably icon and attribute.  ENERGY STAR Certified Through intelligent design, these products use less energy than would otherwise be required and are independently certified to meet strict standards for energy efficiency set by the EPA ENERGY STAR® Certification.  Environmentally Preferred Environmentally Preferred products have a reduced impact on human health and the environment in comparison to similar products and often have a lower carbon footprint. This includes products that are sourced in accordance with higher social and environmental standards - for both textiles (cotton, wool, down, etc.) and wood.  GREENGUARD Certified Products that have achieved GREENGUARD Certification are scientifically proven to meet some of the world’s most rigorous, third-party chemical emissions standards, helping to reduce indoor air pollution and the risk of chemical exposure, while aiding in the creation of healthier indoor environments.  Hypoallergenic Hypoallergenic products are CERTIFIED asthma & allergy friendly® and aim to avoid common allergens.  Local Community Empowerment These products are certified to meet rigorous labour standards or are sourced from organisations that support their communities, empower their workers and support local economic development initiatives.  Made Clean Made Clean products contain fewer substances that could be harmful to people or the environment and often have certifications for low chemical emissions, resulting in improved indoor air quality.  Organic Products marked as Organic contain materials that have been produced using methods that promote ecological balance and conserve biodiversity. These often include practices such as maintaining or enhancing soil and water quality; conserving wetlands, woodlands, and wildlife; avoiding use of synthetic fertilisers, and genetic engineering. An Organic label may often only refer to one component of the product, such as an organic pillow cover, with a non-organic polyester fill. Refer to product descriptions for further details.  Reclaimed Wood Reclaimed wood is wood that has lived another life and has been repurposed to form something brand new.  Recycled Products with this icon contain pre-consumer and/or post-consumer recycled content that has been diverted and recovered from the waste stream. A Recycled label may often only refer to one component of the product, such as a chair that includes a seat cushion with recycled plastic filling.  Water Efficient Products with the Water Efficient icon use less water than would otherwise be required and are EPA WaterSense Certified.  Legal Center powered by PactSafe 