We've partnered with selected media partners in the US to bring you Olympic Channel Plus content.  In order to view this content, please sign in with one of our partner accounts. Please select below.  International Olympic Committee - Privacy Policy  A few words about our use of personal information  We recommend that you read this privacy policy (and our Cookie Policy olympics.com/en/cookie-policy) in its entirety, but here are already a few important things you should know:  Your privacy is very important to us and we believe that you should always keep the control over your personal data. This privacy policy informs you about how we, the International Olympic Committee (“IOC”) and the other organisations that we partner with (as defined below), access and use the information related to your use of digital services. These digital services are explained in more detail below.  According to the Olympic Charter, the mission of the IOC is to promote Olympism throughout the world, to lead the Olympic Movement and to ensure the regular celebration of the Olympic Games. This Privacy Policy also covers the activities of the Olympic Foundation for Culture and Heritage (the “Foundation”) which manages the Olympic Museum and the Olympic Studies Centre, in Lausanne, Switzerland, and each of the Organising Committees for the Olympic and Paralympic Games (the “OCOGs”) that are named in this Privacy Policy. With respect to that section of Olympics.com which is dedicated to the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020, such OCOG is the Tokyo Organising Committee of the Olympic and Paralympic Games as established by the Tokyo Metropolitan Government and the Japanese Olympic Committee (otherwise referred to here as “Tokyo 2020”).  The IOC and the Foundation are based in Lausanne, Switzerland. Each OCOG is based in the country in which its respective Olympic and Paralympic Games shall be hosted.  Services covered by this Privacy Policy  This Privacy Policy applies to all processing of personal data carried out by, or on behalf of, the IOC, and to the extent such processing is carried out by them, the Foundation or OCOGs, in the context of digital services such as websites, mobile applications, connected TV applications, newsletters, registration systems, online professional services and other business resources managed by the IOC, alone or in cooperation with the Foundation or OCOGs (collectively the “Services”). The Services include Olympics.com.  Our content is generally available on the Services without registration. However, our professional services, business resources and event registration services as well as certain personalization options, transactions, functionalities or activities (e.g. games, contests, sweepstakes, newsletters, and e-commerce,…) offered on our websites, mobile applications and other digital properties require that you register with us and provide certain information about you.  Registration is governed by the terms of service of our websites and digital properties and any additional terms applicable to our different Services (together, the “Terms of Service”). Our Services include both those offering professional services and other business resources (the “B2B Services”) and those offering engagement and information services (the “B2C Services”). Age limits to register may vary to reflect laws applicable in your country of residence. Most of our Services are available to the general public but access and use of certain B2B online services may be limited to the IOC’s, the Foundation’s or each OCOG’s collaborators, consultants, Olympic movement stakeholders and other authorised third parties.  We will collect information about you in different situations, for instance when you register on our Services, when you contact us or when you request a service from us. We also collect certain information when you visit our Services (also as a non-registered user), through cookies, pixels and similar technologies, in accordance with our Cookie Policy olympics.com/en/cookie-policy. Information collected includes biographical information necessary to identify you and communicate with you (e.g. first name, last name, email address, phone number, physical address or country of residence, language,…), information about your use of the Services (IP address, device identification number, connection data and content visited, user activities such as screen views, video views, registration with certain functionalities) and personalisation options (e.g. favourite sport, favourite team,…).  How we use personal information  We use the personal data we collect to deliver and promote our Services in conformity with the Terms of Service, to personalize your experience on our Services based on your interests and to maintain the security of our Services, to communicate with you and to provide you with the information, goods or services which you have requested. We also make available our content on a variety of third-party platforms such as Facebook, Twitter or YouTube. These platforms are governed by their own terms of service and privacy policies that we strongly recommend you read.  Who do we share your information with  The IOC, the Foundation and the OCOGs share your information among themselves as necessary for operating the Services and more generally for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Situations in which we may provide your information to third parties include: (1) with our service providers who work with us in connection with the Services; (2) with authorities or third parties when we believe that we have a legal obligation to do so or where it is necessary to protect our legal interests or exercise our rights; and (3) when you have given us your prior authorisation to do so, or if we believe we have another legal justification, for instance when you use our Services via third-party platforms. Our Services may include the publication or other forms of public communication of information manifestly made public about athletes, coaches and other relevant personnel involved in the Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games and other major sports competitions, such as competition results, schedules, and biographies.  What you can do to limit or delete your personal information  If you have registered with us, you can limit the information you share with us or delete your account by going to your account settings. You can also disable cookies and similar technologies as described in our Cookie Policy olympics.com/en/cookie-policy.  How you can contact us and your rights  If you would like to access, rectify or erase your personal data, you can do so via your account settings or by contacting our data protection officer: Data Protection Officer, International Olympic Committee, Château de Vidy, 1007 Lausanne, Switzerland through IOC’s dedicated portal.  This Privacy Policy, as updated from time to time, explains what personal data about you is collected and how it is processed when you use the Services (which are defined above).  As mentioned above, our Services are governed by the Terms of Service, in particular those terms of service found here: olympics.com/en/terms-of-service. Specific rules and additional terms may apply due to the nature and purpose of certain of our Services. This is for instance the case for B2B Services or reporting mechanisms managed by the IOC. In such cases, these specific terms will be brought to your attention before you use the relevant Services and shall prevail over this Privacy Policy in case of any inconsistency or contradiction.  Other organisations may launch and operate websites, newsletters, e-commerce platforms or other services that are related to the Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games or to the Olympic Movement’s activities. Such websites are operated independently from the IOC and we encourage you to read their terms of services and privacy policies. If we collect personal data through these services, this will be indicated in their privacy policies and terms of service.  When we refer to ‘’we’’, ‘’our’’ or “us” in this Privacy Policy, we are referring to the IOC and, where applicable, to the Foundation or OCOG named in this Privacy Policy. With respect to that section of Olympics.com which is dedicated to the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020, such OCOG is Tokyo 2020.  When we refer to “you” or “your” we refer to you as user of the Services.  The IOC is a private, not-for-profit, international organisation recognized to be of public interest by the Swiss authorities and constituted in the form of a Swiss law association, having its registered office in Château de Vidy 1007 Lausanne, Switzerland. The mission of the IOC is to promote Olympism throughout the world, to lead the Olympic Movement and to ensure the regular celebration of the Olympic Games. To know more about the IOC, our goals and our activities, please consult the Olympic Charter and information provided on our website https:// olympics.com/ioc/principles.  The Foundation manages the Olympic Museum and the Olympic Studies Centre, in Lausanne, Switzerland.  An OCOG is responsible for organising an edition of the Olympic Games and Paralympic Games. Each OCOG is based in the country in which its respective Olympic and Paralympic Games shall be hosted.  The IOC will be the data controller of data collected via the Olympics.com website and associated mobile applications, except for:  Each section of the Olympics.com website and application that is dedicated to a specific edition of the Olympic Games. In which case, personal data collected via that section may be processed by the IOC for its own purposes or for purposes jointly determined with the OCOG responsible for that edition of the Olympic Games. Where the IOC uses data for its own purposes, it remains sole controller of the personal data. Where the IOC and OCOG jointly decide on the purposes of processing data the IOC and OCOG shall be joint controllers. Annex 2 of this privacy policy provides further information about an OCOG’s processing of personal data; and  Data capture initiatives indicated as being undertaken for the IOC, Foundation or OCOG or any other third party. In which case, details of the data controller shall be described at the point data collection, such as within our Cookies Settings.  When Services relate to the Olympic Museum (in particular https://olympics.com/museum, https://museumshop.olympics.com), the Olympic Studies Centre (in particular https://olympics.com/ioc/olympic-studies-centre, https://library.olympics.com/) and other activities of the Foundation, your personal data will be processed by the IOC and the Foundation for the purposes detailed in Annex 2, acting as joint controllers.  For any other Services, you can find information on the role of the IOC, the Foundation, OCOGs and any third parties when you visit those Services.  What information do we collect?  1. Information that you provide to us  You provide us with information, including personal data, when you use the Services and in particular when you register on the Services and create a user account, communicate with us, request a service from us or ask us a question, complete certain transactions or subscribe to B2B Services or B2C Services, promotional communications or media alerts.  If you create a user account, we will ask you to provide us with your email address, country of residence, age information, login information, and password. If you create a user account with us, you may be able to use this account for all Services, although user accounts for B2B Services differ from accounts created for our engagement and information services (B2C Services). Certain Services, like Athlete 365 (https://olympics.com/athlete365/) are focused on athletes and we may ask you to provide information about the sports you practice, your team or your participation in the Olympic Games or Youth Olympic Games.  This information will allow us to create and maintain your user account, identify you as one of our registered users and, if you have opted-in or can lawfully receive promotional communications, to send you such communications about the IOC, the Foundation, OCOGs, the Olympic Movement’s activities and offers of the IOC’s partners. In the registration process or at a later stage, we may also invite you to provide us with additional information in particular by indicating your interest in certain athletes, teams, sports or events, so that we can complement your user account information and personalise your use of the Services.  b) Data necessary to provide you certain Services  Certain Services require that you provide additional information about you. This is the case for instance for the B2B Services we make available to other Olympic Movement stakeholders or for Services giving you the possibility to apply for registration or accreditation to the Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games or other events organised by us, or to book travel and accommodation related to these events. Additional information may also be required to use Services allowing you to procure goods or services from us or to participate in any game, contest, sweepstake or other fan engagement opportunity.  In these different situations, we will inform you specifically about the information we need to collect in order to provide you the requested goods or services and of any other conditions applicable to the processing of this personal data. The additional information needed will vary depending on the nature of the Services. It may include information such as: first name, last name, business organisation, job title, physical address, phone number, nationality, travel and accommodation details, passport or ID card number, credit card information, height and weight information, size of garments or shoes, allergies and food habits.  If you communicate with us and/or request any information or service from us, we will use your account information and any other information you may provide us (such as email address, phone number, and any information you disclose to us) to answer your queries.  d) Collection of data through third parties  You can register with us by using the information of an account you hold with a third-party service such as Facebook, Google, VKontakte, Line. If you choose this option, you will authorize these organisations to provide us with some personal data they hold about you so that we can use this information to create your user account with us. This information will depend on the third-party services used to register with us and on the scope of the information you granted but typically this includes your first name and last name, user name, phone number, unique identifiers and access tokens, e-mail address, date of birth and preferences (e.g. pages you have favourited or saved).  In some instances we authorise third parties to launch and operate Olympic-themed digital services and to use our brands. In these cases, these third parties may share information that they collect about you with us. In such cases, this will be specified in the relevant privacy policies as issued by these third parties.  2. Information that is collected automatically when you use the Services  a) Device and system information  We collect information about the device(s) you use to access and use the Services, in particular we collect:  Device attributes, including operating system, hardware and software versions, browser type, language  Network connections (information such as your Internet Service Provider, language, time zone, IP address)  We use automatic tracking mechanisms (including cookies) to collect certain data while you are browsing our Services. A cookie is a small file, stored on your browser or computer hard drive, which is used to collect data about your interactions with websites and digital properties, such as browser type, operating system, IP address, device type, location, browsing date and time. We use cookies to distinguish you as a user, either for the duration of your visit (“session cookie”) or when you return (“persistent cookie”). These cookies are placed on your device by us (“first party cookies”) or by third parties (“third party cookies”). These third parties include organisations that provide certain services to us such as analytics and advertising and are listed in our Cookies Settings.  We use first party and third party cookies to improve the content of our Services, customise them according to user preferences, conduct traffic and audience research and provide relevant marketing to you.  You can disable the cookies (except those cookies that are strictly necessary) or manage the cookies through the cookies settings available on each of the websites or digital properties through which they are set and by configuring the functionalities of your internet browser.  To know more about our use of cookies, and how to manage your consent, please consult our Cookie Policy olympics.com/en/cookie-policy.  3. Information manifestly made public  Content offered on our Services may include information manifestly made public such as competitions and results, biographies about Olympians and other athletes, coaches and other persons involved in the Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games and other major sports competitions, who are newsworthy and whose stories contribute to the mission of the IOC and the Olympic Movement. This information was disclosed by athletes and other concerned persons in the context of their participation in Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games and other sports competitions, interviews and other media events, media publications or through other means and was compiled by us, in cooperation with International Federations, National Olympic Committees, Organising Committees for the Olympic Games and Youth Olympic Games and other Olympic Movement stakeholders.  How do we use the information we collect?  We use the information we collect about you and your use of the Services to:  a) facilitate your use of the Services, enable your registration and authentication, and manage your user account;  b) maintain and develop the Services;  c) gather statistics to help diagnose problems, enhance your experience of the Services and improve the quality of the Services;  d) ensure the security of the Services and make sure that the Services are used in compliance with our Terms of Service and applicable laws;  e) offer you a personalized experience, for instance by analysing your interaction with our Services (including communications we send to you), advertising and services offered by select partners where allowed by their relevant privacy policies and terms of services, in order to suggest to you content or offers based on preferences (e.g. sports, teams, athletes, types of content) which you have indicated or express through your previous choice of content, determine when and how you might like us to show content to you, deliver relevant advertising to you including offering you goods and services which we think may be of interest to you and letting you participate in any game, contest, sweepstake or other fan engagement opportunity which we may make available through the Services (assessing and confirming the eligibility to be entitled to receive prizes, awarding prizes to the winners etc.);  f) provide you goods, services, information, or content that you have requested;  g) communicate with you, including by answering your questions and requests, sending you communications related to your user account and our Terms of Service and, if you have opted-in to this service or qualify for it according to the law, send you promotional communications (including by email and other electronic channels) about the Services, our activities and the activities of the Olympic Movement and its partners, while offering you the possibility to opt-out from such communications at any time; and  h) show and measure advertisements, on the Services and, on third party services like Google, Facebook, You Tube and Twitter. If you own an account both on the Service and on these third-party services, we may, by sharing information with these companies, identify you as user of these third-party services and serve you our advertisements on such services.  Who do we share your information with?  1. Information that is made publicly available  For some Services, particularly those involving online competitions, some personal data may be published both within the Services and online such as within league tables.  2. The IOC, the Foundation and OCOGs  The Services are provided by the IOC and, where applicable, the Foundation and the OCOG named in this Privacy Policy. We are also assisted by our affiliates who provide services to us and help us deliver the Services to you, in particular IOC Television & Marketing Services SA, which provides marketing and CRM services to us and Olympic Channel Services S.L., which assists the IOC in developing and operating other Services covered by this Privacy Policy. We share your personal data among us and our affiliates, where necessary for the purposes and legal basis for processing highlighted in this Privacy Policy.  3. Our vendors and service providers  We rely on a network of professional vendors and service providers who are working on our behalf and help us operate, develop, secure, promote and measure the Services and our advertisements. Services provided by these partners include, in particular:  a) customer data infrastructure, platform development services and general IT services  c) cloud-based services for customer identity and access management  d) customer services, customer relationship management and other communication and marketing services, such as gamification  e) analytics, audience and advertising measurement services  f) email communications and push notification services  g) third party web and social media services on which we serve our advertisements  h) services to manage user access requests, cookie consents  We delegate part of the processing of personal data you provided to us to these companies and transfer such personal data you provided through the Services to these companies immediately upon their collection; automatically transferred via telecommunications network where necessary for them to provide to us their services and for the purposes and legal basis for processing highlighted in this Privacy Policy. These service providers are bound to strict confidentiality obligations under our agreements, ensuring the respect of this Privacy Policy. The service providers will retain and use such personal data as long as they are working for us and until you decide to delete your account or unsubscribe from the Services. A list of our main service providers (including for each service provider, the country in which the personal data will be transferred and the contact information) is provided in Annex 1 of this Privacy Policy.  4. Events-related services, contests, sweepstakes and other services  Our Services can be used to apply for participating in games, contests, sweepstakes or other fan engagement opportunities, or to apply for registration or accreditation to attend the Olympic Games or other events organised by us, or for booking travel and accommodation in relation to these events and services.  In certain situations, the provision of the services requested by you may require us to share your personal data with third parties (e.g. CarlsonWagonlits Travel and other travel or accommodation providers, organising committees, or governmental agencies,…). We may also share your information with third parties when some Services such as game, contest, sweepstakes or other fan engagement opportunity that we provide you with are available on third-party platforms, notably for the delivery of prizes. Other services that you may request from us may also require that we share your information with third parties assisting us in the delivery of such services, such as Olympic Movement entities (such as international federations, national Olympic committees or OCOGs), academic institutions, or other delivery partners. We will specify in the relevant Terms of Service or otherwise the categories of third parties with whom your personal data may have to be shared and other conditions applicable to such sharing of information in relation to the Services requested.  5. Offers and services from our partners  From time to time, we will offer you the possibility to receive services and communications (including communications related to products and services) from selected third parties, such as our commercial partners and constituents of the Olympic Movement including OCOGs. In case you opt-in or can otherwise lawfully receive such communications, we will share your information with these parties, while giving you the possibility to opt-out at any time.  In this regard, upon your consent, we transfer your e-mail address to IPC for the purpose of promotional communications about the Paralympic Games, the Paralympic Movement and the related initiatives of IPC partners. The IPC will process your personal information as a separate data controller where you decide to subscribe to the IPC’s promotional communications.  We reserve the right to disclose personal data we hold about you if we are required to do so under applicable laws or pursuant to any judicial or administrative process, and to the extent necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding unlawful activities, or violation of our Terms of Service under the legal basis described in this Privacy Policy.  How do we protect your personal information?  We use technical and organisational measures to protect your personal data against the risks of damage, destruction, loss or unauthorised access, in accordance with applicable laws.  While the information we collect will usually be processed in the European Union or in Switzerland (which provides a level of protection equivalent to the European Economic Area according to the Commission Decision of 26 July 2000), we may also transfer your information for the purposes and legal basis for processing highlighted in this Privacy Policy to the above-mentioned recipients (see above “WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?”), some of which may be based in countries that, like the United States of America, do not provide in their laws for a level of protection of your privacy equivalent to the one applied within the European Union and Switzerland. This will happen when some of the companies helping us operate the Services (see above “Our vendors and service providers”) access your information from countries located outside Europe. Before transferring data from Switzerland or the European Union to other countries, we implement safeguard mechanisms recognized by Swiss and European regulators particularly standard contractual clauses.  We will not knowingly collect personal data about users under 13 years old. Services are intended for users who are of legal age for data protection purposes under the laws of their country of residence. You can learn more about our age requirements here: https://olympics.com/en/age-requirements. If we become aware that a child under that age has provided us with personal data, we will take steps to delete this information and close the child’s account. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal data without your consent, please contact us.  We will retain your information only for the duration necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy or as required to meet our legal requirements.  Where your personal data has been collected through a section of the Olympics.com website or associated mobile application dedicated to a specific edition of the Games (including that related to the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020), and where necessary to achieve its long-term mission to promote Olympic Movement and preserve the legacy of the Games and maintain user engagement, the IOC may continue to process such personal data even after the relevant OCOG (such as Tokyo 2020) has stopped its own processing of the data. The IOC will continue to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  Legal basis for processing your personal information and your rights  We mainly process your information to perform our obligations under our Terms of Service but in certain cases, we also rely, on top of what we have already described, on other justifications.  Contractual necessity applies for all users who are of age to enter into a contract by accepting our Terms of Service and justifies the following uses of user personal data:  a) Providing the Services and personalizing your experience of the Services by customizing certain features based on your interests  b) Letting you participate in any game, contest, sweepstake or other fan engagement opportunity which we make available through the Services  c) Managing registration and user account  d) Securing and developing the Services  e) Communicating with you in relation to the Services  f) Providing you goods, services, information, or content that you have requested  g) Sharing data with our partners who may offer you their services  h) Transferring, storing or processing your data outside Switzerland or the European Union, including within the United States of America and other countries  i) Providing you with accreditation, accommodation, transports and other services or information which you have requested from us  In these cases, you have the right to port your data.  We also process certain data based on your explicit consent, which you can withdraw at any time, for the following activities:  a) Send you certain marketing communications  In these cases, you have the right to port your data and to withdraw your consent.  We also rely on our legitimate interests, especially for our users who may not be of age to enter into a contract, to provide secure and efficient Services that are consistent with our Terms of Service so that our visitors, partners and fans can receive high quality Services and enjoy Olympic-related content corresponding to their interests. Legitimate interests constitute a basis for the following activities:  a) Making available through the Services publicly available information related to the Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games, Olympians and other athletes, sports and news stories  b) Providing the Services and personalizing your experience of the Services by customizing certain features based on your interests  c) Managing registration and user accounts  d) Securing and developing the Services  e) Communicating with you in relation to the Services  f) Providing you goods, services, information, or content that you have requested  g) Transferring, storing or processing your data outside Switzerland or the European Union, including to or within the United States of America and other countries  h) Sending you marketing communications, including via emails, if you have opted-in or can lawfully receive such communications  i) Sharing data with our partners who may offer you their services  j) Sharing your information with third parties including law enforcement authorities where we suspect an unlawful activity.  In these cases, you have the right to object to the processing of your information or ask us to restrict such processing.  4. Compliance with our legal obligations  We may also invoke our legal obligations as a valid ground for sharing your information with judiciary or law enforcement authorities, if we are ever obliged to do so.  In such case, you have the right to object to the processing of your information or ask us to restrict such processing.  Your rights and how to exercise them  You can exercise your rights of access, rectification, deletion and portability of your personal data, limitation and opposition to its processing, as well as not being the subject of decisions based solely on the automated processing of your personal data, where appropriate, before us. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any given moment. We may require evidence of your identity before we are able to respond to your request. We reserve the right to decline a request where the legal conditions are met and in particular where the request made to us is manifestly unfounded or excessive.  2. HOW TO EXERCISE THEM  To withdraw your consent, access or rectify your personal data, you can use the Settings functionality to adjust the parameters of your user account  2.2 Unsubscribe from our marketing communications  To unsubscribe from marketing communications, you can adjust your settings in your user account or click on the link displayed at the bottom of any of our marketing communications  2.3 Requests that relate to ticketing  If you have a request that relates to ticketing, including how to update any login credentials that are needed to access your ticket(s), please contact the relevant OCOG. For the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020, please contact Tokyo 2020 via the means described at https://tokyo2020.org/en/privacy-policy.  To exercise your rights or the rights of your child mentioned above in section 1 YOUR RIGHTS, or for any question related to this Privacy Policy, you can contact us through IOC’s dedicated portal or contact our Data Protection officer.  When the Services relate to a section of the Olympics.com website or associated mobile application that is dedicated to a specific edition of the Games (such as that related to the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020), please refer to Annex 2 below for further information on who to contact and how.  You can contact our Data Protection Officer at the following address  Alternatively, you may use the IOC’s dedicated portal.  In cases where the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a European Union supervisory authority, in particular, in the country of your habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement. Where the UK General Data Protection Regulation applies, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the UK’s Information Commissioner’s Office.  The IOC has appointed Olympic Broadcasting Services S.L. Calle Torrelaguna 75, Madrid, Spain as a European Union representative pursuant to Article 27 GDPR.  Changes to this Privacy Policy  When we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will adequately inform you in advance where such changes impact your rights as a user of the Services or where required by law, for example by posting a notice on the Services or by sending you an email communication, so you can review our revised policy and decide whether to continue to use the Services or not. Your continued use of the Services after the entry into force of the revised Privacy Policy will constitute your confirmation of your reading and understanding of such changes. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy regularly.  This Privacy Policy was last updated on 29 April 2021  International Olympic Committee, Château de Vidy, 1007 Lausanne, Switzerland,  Olympic Foundation for Culture and Heritage, Quai d’Ouchy 1, 1006 Lausanne, Switzerland  ANNEX 1: List of our main service providers  • AWS (European Union, USA, Singapore, Japan)  • Google Analytics (USA, European Union, Chile, Singapore)  • IOC Television & Marketing Services SA (Switzerland)  • Olympic Channel Services S.L. (Spain)  • Salesforce.org EMEA Ltd/Salesforce.com Inc. (USA, European Union, Switzerland, Japan)  • Nice People at Work (Spain)  USER ACCESS REQUESTS AND COOKIE CONSENTS MANAGEMENT:  • OneTrust (European Union, Germany)  CUSTOMER IDENTITY AND ACCESS MANAGEMENT:  • SAP/Gigya (European Union, Switzerland)  TRANSACTIONAL EMAILS AND PERFORMANCE SUMMARIES:  • FanHub Media Trading Pty Ltd (Australia)  • ServiceNow (USA, Canada, Australia, European Union, Switzerland)  MANAGEMENT AND PRODUCTION OF COMMUNICATIONS, SECURITY:  • Microsoft Inc. (USA, European Union, Switzerland)  ANNEX 2: Joint Control in Services  When the Services relate to the Olympic Museum or the Olympic Studies Centre, the IOC and Foundation act as joint controllers for the purposes of facilitating your use of the Services, enabling your registration and authentication, and managing your user account, and providing you goods, services, information, or content that you have requested.  For the Services that relate to the Olympic Museum (in particular https://www.olympics.com/museum, https://museumshop.olympics.com) or the Olympic Studies Centre (in particular https://www.olympics.com/ioc/olympic-studies-centre), the data generated by cookies will be processed by the IOC and the Foundation, acting as joint controllers.  Where the Services relate to olympics.com/en/tokyo-2020 and the official mobile application of the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020:  Up to and during the Olympic and Paralympic Games Tokyo 2020, the IOC and Tokyo 2020 act as joint controllers for the purposes of offering you a personalised experience as described earlier in this Privacy Policy and communicating with you, including by answering your questions and requests, sending you communications related to your user account and our Terms of Service and, if you have opted-in to this service or qualify for it according to the law, to send you promotional communications (including by email and other electronic channels) about the Services, our activities and the activities of the Olympic Movement and our partners, while offering you the possibility to opt-out from such communications at any time.  To the extent the IOC and Tokyo 2020 process your personal data for any other purposes, they do so independently. The IOC’s collection and use of your personal data is as described in this Privacy Policy. For more information on how Tokyo 2020 processes your personal information, including with regard to ticketing, please see the Tokyo 2020 privacy policy available at the following link: Tokyo 2020 privacy policy https://tokyo2020.org/en/privacy-policy.  If you would like to contact the IOC, please see the Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy. If you would like to contact Tokyo 2020, please contact their Enquiry Desk via this web enquiry form (https://enquiry.tokyo2020.org/)).  TM © Olympic Channel Services S.L. 2021 - All rights reserved