We use cookies to collect information about how you use data.gov.uk. We use this information to make the website work as well as possible.  You can change your cookie settings at any time.  data.gov.uk | Find open data  This is a new service – your feedback will help us to improve it  Last updated 23 May 2018  Find open data is a data service provided by the  (GDS) which is part of the Cabinet Office. Our job is the digital  Data.gov.uk helps people to find and use open government data, and  supports government publishers to maintain data.  The data controller for GDS is the Cabinet Office — a data controller  determines how and why personal data is processed. For more  information read the Cabinet Office’s entry in the  The personal data we collect from you will include:  The legal basis for processing this data is in the exercise of a public  task of a Government Department to undertake its functions.  We collect your personal data so we can provide access to the publishing  service and to send you email notifications about service changes.  We collect an email address and name so we can verify you work for the  What we do with it  We use the data you provide to set up your account so you can manage and  publish data. From time to time, we might need to update you about changes  sell or rent your data to third parties  share your data with third parties for marketing purposes  We will share your data if we are required to do so by law — for example,  by court order, or to prevent fraud or other crime.  How long we keep your data  We will only retain your personal data for as long as it is required by  law. In general, this means that we will only hold your personal data for  the length of time you use this service, or up to 12 months after you  leave the service whereby all information will then be deleted.  We understand the importance of protecting children’s privacy online. Our  service is not designed for, or intentionally targeted at, children 13  years of age or younger. It is not our policy to intentionally collect or  maintain data about anyone under the age of 13.  Where your data is processed and stored  To make sure that your data is as safe as possible, we design and  maintain systems with secure accounts. Your personal data will not be  the European Economic Area (EEA)  while it’s processed at GDS.  How we protect your data and keep it secure  We are committed to doing all that we can to keep your data secure. To  prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place technical  and organisational procedures to secure the data we collect about you.  For example, we protect your data using varying levels of encryption. We  also make sure that any third parties that we deal with have an obligation  to keep all personal data they process on our behalf secure.  You have the right to:  request information about how your personal data is processed and to request a copy of that personal data  request that any inaccuracies in your personal data are rectified without delay  request that any incomplete personal data is completed, including by means of a supplementary statement  request that your personal data is erased if there is no longer a justification for it to be processed  request that the processing of your personal data is restricted in certain circumstances — for example, where accuracy is contested  If your personal data is processed on the basis of consent, you have the  request a copy of any personal data you have provided, and for this to be provided in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format  We may change this privacy notice at our discretion at any time. In that  case the ‘Last updated’ date at the top of this page will also change. Any  changes to this privacy notice will apply to you and your data  immediately. If these changes affect how your personal data is processed,  GDS will take reasonable steps to make sure you know.  The data controller for your personal data is the Cabinet Office. Contact  GDS Privacy Team if you have any questions or think that  your personal data has been misused or mishandled.  The contact details for our Data Protection Officer are:  The Data Protection Officer provides independent advice and monitoring of our use of personal information.  If you have a complaint, you can also contact  is an independent regulator set up to uphold information rights.  Built by the Government Digital Service  All content is available under the  Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated 