Privacy & Cookie Policy for Cousins UK  Battery Selectors & Cross Reference PDF  Jewellery & Gemstones - Most Popular  The case of the Swiss watch industry  Watch Books - by Brand  Case & Movement Mountings & Stabilizers  Case Decoration, Furniture & Fixings  Clock Parts Search by Brand  Coil/Spiral Springs & Hairsprings (Clock)  Dials, Chapter Rings & Moon Discs  Hands & Hand Collets (Clock) Mechanical  Hands & Hand Collets (Clock) Quartz  Keys, Clock & Pocket Watch  Movement Parts, English, French & Longcase  Movement Parts, Hermle (by List)  Movement Parts, Kieninger (by List)  Movements & Kits (Mechanical) Hermle  Numerals, Batons, Dots & Zodiac Figures  Pendulums (Mechanical) & Pendulum Parts  Pendulums (Quartz) & Pendulum Parts  Screws (inc. Dial Screws), Nuts & Clips  Weights, Shells, Hooks & Rings  Abrasives: Blocks, Buffs, Discs, Film, Paper & Sticks  Abrasives: Compounds, Pastes, Polish, Waxes  Abrasives: Cones, Mops & Wheels  Brass, Copper & Steel Raw Material  Cleaning Fluids, Salts & Sprays  Clock Restoration & Watch Dial Repair  Packing & Wrapping Paper and Bags  Protection Film, Tape, Dots & Labels  Solder, Flux & Insulating Pastes  Tags, Labels & Repair Job Envelopes  Waxes (Including Injection Waxes) For Manufacturing  Jewellery, Findings, Chains & Solders  Beads, Balls (Including Pandora Style) & Head Pins  Chains, Bracelets, Bangles & Necklaces  Cuff Links & Cuff Link Chains  Foil (24ct & Silver) for Enamelling  Pendant Bails & Charm Hangers  Stones (Semi Precious & Glass) for Jewellery, Watch Dials & Cases  Wire (Precious & Base Metal)  Benches, Chairs & Bench Accessories  Blowers, Compressors & Vacuum Pens & Pumps  Boxes, Containers, Jugs, Funnels, Stands and Trays  Cutters, Burrs (Fraises) & Fly  Cutters, Ring (Wedding & Gem)  Cutting Saws (Hack, Piercing & Scroll)  Essence Jars & Gemstone Washing Cups  Eyeglasses, Loupes, Microscopes, Optivisors etc.  Gem & Precious Metal Testing  Gravers, Scorpers, Scrapers & Deburring  Handles for Files, Gravers & Broaches  Jewellery Beading, Stringing & Threading  Jewellery Casting, Vulcanizing, Wax Injecting/Modelling  Jewellery Engraving & Stone Setting  Jewellery Forming, Planishing & Rolling Mills  Jewellery Punches, Carat, Alpha/Numeric, Shapes & Signs  Jewellery Soldering, Heating, Melting & Pickling  Measuring Gauges, Micrometers, Rulers & Verniers  Plating, Anodising, Anti-Tarnishing, Electropolishing & Stripping  Polishing, Finishing, Dust & Fume Extraction  PPE, Protective Clothing, Equipment & Consumables  Screwdrivers, Blades, Sharpeners & Allen Keys  Stones for Sharpening, Grinding & Finishing  Vices (Bangle, Clamp, Engraver, Mitre, Pin & Ring)  Watch Bezel Removing & Fitting  Watch Bracelet & Strap Adjusting  Watch Case & Watch Glass Tools  Watch Glass, Dial & Hand Cleaning Tools  Watch Hand Removing and Fitting  Watch Pusher or Tube Removing and Fitting Tools  Watch Testing, Timing, Rotation & Printing  ETA Most Popular "Special Offers"  Watch Movement Search & Match by Ligne Size...  Watch Movement Search & Match by Millimeter Size  Watch Movement Search by Calibre Only...  Watch Movement Search by Make & Calibre...  Watch Crowns, Correctors, Pushers & Tubes  Watch Straps, Bracelets & Fittings  Alberts (Fobs) & Pouches (Pocket Watch)  Apple Style Watch Bracelets & Straps  Buckles & Deployment Clasps for Watch Straps  Clasps for Watch Bracelets & Straps  Fittings - Pins & Tubes for Watch Bracelets  Fittings - Pressure Bars & Rivet Ends  Fittings - Screws for Watch Bracelets  Fittings - Threaded Bars & End Screws  This is the Privacy Policy for Cousins Material House LTD issued in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – please read it carefully.  This Privacy Policy is to let you know how we handle your personal data. This includes what you tell us about yourself, what we learn by having you as a customer, and the choices you give us about what marketing you want us to send you. This Privacy Policy explains how we do this and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.  Your personal data is any information relating to you from which you can be identified.  how we will process any personal data that we collect from you and what it will be used for,the information that you are entitled to receive from us when we collect your personal data andyour rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in connection with the way we handle your personal data.  This Privacy Policy applies to any personal data which you may provide to us in person, over the telephone, by e-mail, on our website and/or by post. This Privacy Policy also applies to any personal data which we may collect from third parties about you and/or which we may collect when you access our website and/or in the course of our relationship.  You can choose not to give personal data. We may need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract and/or relationship that we have with you. If you choose not to give us this personal data, it may delay or prevent us from meeting our obligations. It may also mean that we cannot perform services so we cancel a product or service you have with us.  Wherever we refer to “processing” of personal data in this Privacy Policy this includes any combination of the following activities: collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.  This Privacy Policy only applies to personal data collected by or on behalf of Cousins Material House LTD via the company’s website or by any other means. The company’s website may from time to time contain links to and from other websites (partner networks, advertisers and affiliates). If you follow a link to any external website or alternatively reach our website from a third party website, please be aware that these websites will have their own privacy policies, separate from ours, and we therefore do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check their policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.  2. Our Promise to You  To keep your personal data safe and only process it on valid legal basisTo keep our records up to date and delete or correct inaccurate personal dataNot to keep your personal data after the purpose has endedNot to sell your personal dataTo give you ways to manage and review your marketing choices at any time  3. Legal Basis for Processing your Personal Data  We need to have a proper reason under the GDPR whenever we process your personal data ourselves or share it with others. These reasons are:  To fulfil a contract we have with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract with you, orWhen it is our legal duty, orWhen it is in our legitimate interest or the legitimate interest of a third party except where such interests are overridden by your interests or your fundamental rights or freedoms, orWhen you consent to it.  A legitimate interest is when we have a business or commercial reason to process your personal data, but this must not unfairly go against your rights. If we rely on our legitimate interest, we will tell you what that is.  In the section below this one is a list of all the ways that we may process your personal data, and which of the reasons we rely on to do so. This is also where we tell you what our legitimate interests are.  4. Information we collect and how we collect it  We may collect personal data from you in the following ways:  when you create a Cousins Material House LTD account on our website.when you contact us in person, over the telephone, by email or by post.during the process of purchasing from us (payment and transaction data)in customer surveys.when you use our services.  We may collect your personal data from third parties we work with including  Our website uses ‘cookies’ - a small file of letters and numbers that are stored on your computer by the websites you visit. We use cookies to improve your user experience by enabling the website to ‘remember’ you, either for the duration of your visit (using a ‘session cookie’) or for repeat visits (using a ‘persistent cookie’), this enables us to show content relevant to you on your next visit. We also use cookies to track usage, analyse trends and gather information on how customers use our website which allows us to improve our website. Cookies are not linked to other personally identifiable information.  This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computer hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google's privacy policy here for further information http://www.google.com/privacy.html.  The type of information we may ask you to provide about yourself and therefore collect includes, but is not limited to:  Contact Details: Name, address, contact telephone number and e-mail address.This information is required by Cousins Material House LTD based on legitimate interest to be able to manage the account and process orders. Users can request their account to be closed at any time via the “Online Support - Your Account” section of your dashboard. Business Type:This information is optional and is collected based on legitimate interest to improve services and offering. Users can update or delete their “Business type” Preferences using the “My Account” section of your dashboard. Marketing Preferences:This information is optional and is collected based on legitimate interest to send you informational, news and promotional content in accordance with your marketing preferences. Users can update or delete their “Marketing” Preferences using the “My Account” section of your dashboard. At the point of purchase, you may also provide your payment details, this is however sent directly to WorldPay payment gateway and is never stored on any Cousins Material House LTD systems.  How we are likely to use your personal data  We may use the personal data collected/provided by you as follows:  Contact Details (including full name, address, contact numbers and e-mail address) may be used by:  Senior management to communicate with our customers about their account and provide customer support.Our website and database developers to provide, support, and improve the services we offer.Royal Mail to provide, support, and improve the delivery services we offer.WorldPay to take secure credit card payments using WorldPay's secure online payment portal.GDPR Compliant Telephone Provider, to take secure credit card payments over the phone via WorldPay.GDPR Compliant Marketing Company, to send you informational and promotional content in accordance with your marketing preferences.  Business Type (Optional) may be used by:  Senior Management, to help improve business development.Web and Database developers, to provide, support, and improve the Services we offerPreferences can be updated in the “My Account” section of your dashboard  Marketing Preferences (Optional) may be used by:  Senior Management, to send you informational and promotional content in accordance with your marketing preferences.Web and Database to provide, support, and improve the Services we offer.Marketing company, to send you informational and promotional content in accordance with your marketing preferences.Preferences can be updated in the “My Account” section of your dashboard  We will not keep your personal data for longer than is necessary for the purposes outlined above.  6. Processing in line with your rights  You have the right to:  Request access to any personal data we hold about you.Ask to have inaccurate data held about you amended.Prevent processing that is likely to cause unwarranted substantial damage or distress to you or anyone else.Object to any decision that significantly affects you being taken solely by a computer or other automated process.  We will ensure that appropriate measures are taken against unlawful or unauthorised processing of personal data, and against the accidental loss of, or damage to, personal data.  We have in place procedures and technologies to maintain the security of all personal data from the point of collection to the point of destruction. We will only transfer personal data to a third party if they agree to comply with those procedures and policies, or if they have in place their own adequate measures that are satisfactory to us.  8. Transfers of Personal Data outside of the Cousins Material House LTD  Where relevant, we may give third party providers who supply services to us, or who process personal data on our behalf, access to your personal data in order to help us to process your order or manage your account. We only transfer data outside of the Cousins Material House LTD where we have in place suitable contractual provisions to ensure that the data is being stored and processed in accordance with our instructions, used only for the purpose for which it was obtained and retained in accordance with our Data Retention Policy.  Cousins Material House LTD will not sell, rent or trade your personal data.  Third Party Providers (Data Processors)  WorldPayCousins Material House LTD use WorldPay as their preferred payment gateway for website transactions. Any website credit card payments are taken directly by WorldPay. As part of the process WorldPay will securely take the Payment Card Number, Expiry Date and Security number and only return to us a Card Reference. We then send through the payment request using the Card Reference they supply, along with the Order number, the Card name and the Payment amount.No credit card details are ever stored on any Cousins Material House LTD systems. The only personal details taken in our system is the Name on the Card, e.g. MR M Smith.This information is required by Cousins Material House LTD based on legitimate interest to be able to take payment via our Website. West CommunicationsCousins Material House LTD phone system provider is called West Communications. Any credit card payments taken over the phone are security proceeded according to PCI regulation using West Communications secure gateway API. As part of the process West Communications will securely take the Payment Card Number, Expiry Date and Security number and only return to us a Card Reference. We then send through the payment request using the Card Reference they supply, along with the Order number, the Card name and the Payment amount.No credit card details are ever stored on any Cousins Material House LTD systems. The only personal details taken in our system is the Name on the Card, e.g. MR M Smith.This information is required by Cousins Material House LTD based on legitimate interest to be able to take payment over the phone. Royal Mail, TNT & UK MailCousins Material House LTD use Royal Mail, TNT and UK Mail to deliver products to their customers. As part of the process Cousins Material House LTD may need to send a customer’s Full Name and address to the postal company to fulfil the delivery services provided by Cousins Material House LTD.  This information is required by Cousins Material House LTD based on legitimate interest to be able to fulfil the delivery services. Marketing CompanyCousins Material House LTD use a GDPR compliant Marketing Company to send out any marketing material based on your Marketing Preferences. As part of the process Cousins Material House LTD may need to send a customer Full Name and email to the Marketing Company. This information is required by Cousins Material House LTD based on legitimate interest to be able to fulfil the delivery services  9. Data Subject Access Requests  You have the right to know what personal data we hold about you. All personal data held on our customers is visible to them in their dashboard. We hold no other correspondence, anywhere else. If you would like to delete your account please contact us through our online support.  10. Breaches of data protection principles  If you consider that the data protection principles have not been followed in respect of personal data about yourself or others you should contact us through our online support system. All such concerns will be investigated with the utmost seriousness and professionalism and in accordance with our obligations under the Act.  If you believe that we have not handled any complaints relating to your personal data appropriately, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (see www.ico.gov.uk) who will be able to guide you as to the your options should you wish to pursue the matter further.  This Privacy Policy for Cousins Material House LTD was last updated May 2018 to take into account the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).  If you find any of our products cheaper elsewhere, let us know and we'll do our best to beat it. Look out for the gold price promise icon next to products. Use it to tell us if you've found a better price elsewhere.  If the item you are looking for isn't listed on our website, we may still be able to source it for you.  Site by Third Dimension Ltd.  Get the most from your browser - Update your browser to the latest version  Speed may be compromised on older browsers. Update your browser to the latest version now 