General Data Protection Regulation | GDPR  – HSBC UK  Our website doesn't support your browser so please upgrade.  Skip page header and navigation  Using your card outside the UK  Get a decision in principle  How to buy and sell funds  How to buy and sell shares  Assisting someone with their money  Ways to manage your financial health  Set up or cancel a Direct Debit  Set up or cancel a standing order  Reset your online banking details  Bank of England base rate  Using your card outside the UK  Get a decision in principle  How to buy and sell funds  How to buy and sell shares  Assisting someone with their money  Ways to manage your financial health  Set up or cancel a Direct Debit  Set up or cancel a standing order  Reset your online banking details  Bank of England base rate  Got a question? We're here to help you  View our service status to see how we're doing  Careers, media, investor and corporate information  Introducing the new data privacy laws  In March 2021 we updated our website privacy notice to make it clearer how we process your data when you visit this website or one of our social media pages. We have also added clarity about how data is shared with Facebook for Marketing purposes.  You can view the latest Website Privacy Notice here.  Introducing the new data privacy laws  2018 sees one of the biggest changes to UK data privacy laws as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) was introduced across Europe on 25 May.  The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) deals with the huge increase in customer data that is now generated from social media and online activity. Whether that’s sharing a tweet or shopping online, the new laws provide individuals with more transparency and stronger rights regarding personal data.  At HSBC we have always taken data privacy very seriously and we believe the introduction of the GDPR is really positive – giving you more control over how organisations use and manage your data.  What does this mean for you?  GDPR provides you with more transparency regarding your personal data. It strengthens your rights, giving you improved access to your data and the right to review and, in certain circumstances, edit or delete the information that organisations store about you.  Whilst that’s good news for consumers, the great news for HSBC customers is that you don’t need to do anything. We’ll keep looking after your data like we always have and if you do want to know more about the data we hold and how we use it, all you need to do is check out our privacy policy.  To find out more, read our Frequently Asked Questions.  What does this mean for HSBC?  GDPR doesn't change the ways we use your personal information.  We’ll continue to value the data you share with us, treating it with respect and keeping it secure at all times. We’ll continue to contact you appropriately about services that may benefit you, unless you’ve asked us not to.  So whilst the laws might have changed, our commitment to looking after your data stays the same.  In August 2021 we updated our Privacy Notice to make it a bit easier to understand. Other changes include a new section about our facebook page and we’ve updated the details for credit reference agency CallCredit, previously called TransUnion.  If you have, or are applying for a product you can view the Privacy Notice OverviewPrivacy Notice Overview  This link will open in a new window, or you can view the full version if you would like more details.  If you are browsing our website, you can view the Website Privacy NoticeWebsite Privacy Notice  This link will open in a new window here.  You can also view our Mobile Banking Privacy NoticeMobile Banking Privacy Notice  This link will open in a new window here.  To find out more about GDPR, follow the links below to read the guidelines and information published by the Information Commissioner’s Office:  GDPR guide to individual rights  GDPR guide to individual rights  This link will open in a new window  This link will open in a new window  The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a new law that has come into force across the European Union (EU).  It builds upon existing data protection laws in place in the EU, and is designed to give individuals, such as customers and employees, increased rights and transparency over their personal information by helping them understand how companies, such as the HSBC Group, use their data, for example, for lawful purposes in the provision of banking services. The law also gives individuals the ability to exercise their rights such as correcting or accessing their data.  When did the GDPR come into effect?  The GDPR came into effect on 25 May 2018 in the UK and across the EU and builds upon the existing UK Data Protection Act 1998.  Who is affected by the GDPR?  The GDPR applies to organisations located within the UK and EU which process personal data about individuals.  It may also apply to organisations located outside of the EU that process the personal data of EU residents in some instances.  Why has the GDPR been introduced?  With more digital advances and fundamental changes to the ways in which data can be used and shared, the GDPR attempts to modernise the law to cope with developments in information technology.  It is intended to bring about openness and transparency between individuals and the organisations that use their data, and to ensure organisations act in an accountable and compliant manner where they process individuals’ data.  In the UK, Parliament is also in the process of introducing a new law (the UK Data Protection Act 2018), which will sit alongside the GDPR.  You may hear people refer to this, but HSBC’s actions in the UK are intended to cover both the GDPR and the UK Data Protection Act 2018.  Why has an updated Privacy Notice been introduced?  HSBC Group has provided updated Privacy Notices to provide more specific information to individuals about how we use their data, and their rights in respect of their data.  We have issued standalone Privacy Notices specifically for customers which explain how we collect their information, how we use their information and who we can share their information with.  Many other organisations have similarly issued new and updated privacy notices to their customers.  How will the new Privacy Notice affect customers?  Both summarised and full versions of our new Privacy Notice are available to view now. No action is required from customers.  The Privacy Notice provides customers with more information about the use of their information and their rights.  Where can I view the summarised and full Privacy Notices?  To read a summary, you can view the short version of the Privacy Notice herePrivacy Notice here  This link will open in a new window. Or you can view the full versionfull version  This link will open in a new window.  Personal data is any information related to a living person (known as a data subject) that can be used directly or indirectly (when combined with other information), to identify the person.  It doesn’t apply to non-living persons, for example most corporate entities, but may apply to data we process about individuals connected with that corporate.  How will BREXIT affect GDPR?  The UK government has confirmed that the UK’s decision to leave the EU will not affect the commencement of the GDPR for the UK.  It’s easy to answer your query online. Visit our Help page to find out how.  Follow HSBC UK on Facebook This link will open in a new window  Follow HSBC UK on Twitter This link will open in a new window  Follow HSBC UK on YouTube This link will open in a new window  Got a question? We're here to help you  View our service status to see how we're doing  Careers, media, investor and corporate information  This link will open in a new window  |  © Copyright HSBC Group 2002-2021. All rights reserved  This website is designed for use in the United Kingdom.