Unsure what to search for? Other customers found these links helpful.  Unsure what to search for? Other customers found these links helpful.  What are IBANs and SWIFT codes?  I don’t know what this transaction is  What’s the address, the opening hours and phone number of my Barclays branch?  How do I find my sort code and account number?  What is the cheque clearing cycle and how long does it take?  Switching bank account to Barclays  Link accounts from other banks  Top up an existing loan  What is a credit rating?  Apply for a credit card  What is a credit rating?  Flexible Cash ISA – 1 Year  Premier Flexible Cash ISA – 1 Year  Managing your Help to Buy: ISA  Flexible Bond – 2 Year  Premier Flexible Bond – 2 Year  Moving to a new home  About the mortgage base rate  Switch to a new rate  Borrow more on your mortgage  Life insurance for mortgage protection  How can I generate an IBAN?  Third-party access to bank accounts  What to do when someone dies  Take control of your personal data  Control your privacy and data  How to bank with us  This policy relates to the privacy of your information at barclays.co.uk  We are committed to keeping your information private. By 'your information' we mean any information about you that you or third parties provide to us. This policy relates to the privacy of your information at barclays.co.uk.  We are committed to protecting your personal data. We’ll use your information for a number of different purposes, for example to provide our services to you and others and to meet our legal and regulatory obligations. If you’re an existing customer, for more detailed information on how and why we use your information, including the rights in relation to your personal data, and our legal grounds for using it, please go to barclays.co.uk/important-information/control-your-data or you can request a copy of your privacy notice.  If you register to use our secure services, such as online banking, we’ll ask you to provide some information about yourself for security, identification and verification purposes.  Where you provide information about others (for example, for joint accounts or if you are ‘recommending a friend’) you must ensure that you have their consent or are otherwise entitled to provide this information to us.  For information about cookies and how they’re used on this website, visit our cookies page.  If you use Pingit for Clubs, you can read our Pingit for Clubs cookie policy.  You’re not required to provide any personal information on the public areas of this website. However, you may choose to do so by completing the forms on various pages of the site. We’ll only use the information you provide to us on these pages in order to process the relevant form. Please see the privacy wording on the relevant form for a more detailed explanation of how your information will be used.  If you’re a Barclays customer or already have a relationship with us, you will have been advised by various methods about how we collect and use your information.  If you have any questions about privacy at Barclays, please contact The Data Protection Officer, Barclays Bank UK PLC, Leicester, LE87 2BB or DPO@Barclays.com.  Last updated 25 May 2018  Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC are each authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.  Barclays Insurance Services Company Limited and Barclays Investment Solutions Limited are each authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.  Registered office for all: 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP  We would like to collect data from your device while you use this website. We do this using cookies. You can find out more in our cookie policy.  Collecting this data helps us provide the best experience for you, keeps your account secure, helps us provide social media features and allows us to personalise advert and service message content.  Please select 'Accept all' to consent to us collecting your data in this way. To see other data collection options, select 'Preferences'. 