PRIVACY POLICY | SHEIN UK  Free Standard Shipping on orders over GBP£35.00free picking up at store for order over  GBP£35.00Free Express Shipping on orders over GBP£100.00  Customer Service What can we do for you?  New In Tank Tops & Camis  New In Jumpsuits & Co-ords  New In Coats & Jackets  New In Lingerie & Loungewear  SHEIN X DAYDREAMS AND ICE CREAMS  SHEIN X VICTOR VON SCHWARZ  Sale t-shirts & tank tops  This Privacy Policy explains how we (collectively, "SHEIN," "we," "us,"  or "our") collect, use, share and process your information as well as the  rights and choices you have associated with that information. This Privacy  Policy applies to all personal information collected during any written,  electronic, and oral communications or collected online or offline, which  include: our website, located at SHEIN.COM (“the Site”) through our mobile  application SHEIN-Fashion Shop (“the App”) as well as any other written,  electronic, and oral communications with SHEIN and its representative parties  ZOETOP Business Co., Limited, having its registered address at ROOM 19-112,  21/F, 14 TAIKOO WAN ROAD, TAIKOO SHING, HONG KONG is the responsible controller  for the processing of your information unless the processing relates to  sales transactions with customers from the European Economic Area, the  UK or Switzerland; in such case, ZENITH BUSINESS CO., LIMITED, Registered  at Unit 3, Lake Farm House Allington Lane, Fair Oak, Eastleigh, Hampshire,  United Kingdom, SO50 7DD will be the responsible controller for the processing  and this Policy before accessing or using our Services. If you cannot  agree with this Policy or the Terms and Conditions, please do not access  or use our Services. If you are located in a jurisdiction outside the European  Economic Area, by using our Services, you accept the Terms and Conditions  and accept our privacy practices described in this Policy.  We may modify this Policy at any time, without prior notice, and changes  may apply to any Personal Information we already hold about you, as well  as any new Personal Information collected after the Policy is modified.  If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top  of this Policy. We will provide you with advanced notice if we make any  material changes to how we collect, use or disclose your Personal Information  that impact your rights under this Policy. If you are located in a jurisdiction  other than the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or Switzerland  (collectively “European Countries”), your continued access or use of our  Services after receiving the notice of changes, constitutes your acknowledgement  that you accept the updated Policy.  In addition, we may provide you with real time disclosures or additional  information about the Personal Information handling practices of specific  parts of our Services. Such notices may supplement this Policy or provide  you with additional choices about how we process your Personal Information.  Click on the links below to go to a specific section of this Privacy Policy.  Personal Information We Collect >  Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies >  How We Use Your Personal Information >  Sharing Your Personal Information >  Specific Notice for Individuals in the European Economic Area, the United  1. Personal Information We Collect  We collect personal information when you use our Services, create an account  with us or submit personal information when requested with the Site. Personal  information generally is any information that relates to you, identifies  you personally or could be used to identify you, such as your name, email  address, phone number, address and payment account number. The definition  of personal information varies by jurisdiction. Only the definition that  applies to you based on your location applies to you under this Privacy  Policy. Personal information does not include data that has been irreversibly  anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer enable us, whether in  combination with other information or otherwise, to identify you.  The types of personal information that we may collect about you include:  Information You Directly and Voluntarily Provide to Us to execute the  We collect your personal information you give us when you use our Services.  For example, if you visit our Site and place an order, we collect information  that you provide to us during the ordering process. This information will  include your first and last name, mailing address, email address, phone  number, payment account or credit card information. In some regions, ,  passport information and tax number are also needed for customer clearance  . We may also collect personal information when you communicate with any  of our departments such as customer service, or when you complete online  forms or surveys provided on the Site. You may also choose to provide your  email address to us if you would like to receive information about the  products and services that the SHEIN offers, such as SHEIN Style News.  Information You Provide to us to improve our products and services.  You may voluntarily provide us with your height, age, and weight and measurements  and your preference. This information is used by us to recommend clothing  sizes, and to provide fit prediction services for you.  Information You Post on the Site.  If you post information on public areas of the Site, for example a customer  review, that information may be collected and used by SHEIN, users of the  Site, and the public generally. We strongly recommend that you do not post  any information through the Site that allows strangers to identify or locate  you or that you otherwise do not want to share with the public.  Information You Provide through our Live Chat on the Site.  You may provide personal information through our Live Chat which is available  on the Site 24 hours a day. We strongly recommend that you do not post  any information through the Live Chat that you are not comfortable sharing  We may also store your voice information when you communicate with customer  service via voice for related issues, and we keep your voice information  Information You Provide to Participate in Sweepstakes.  From time to time, we may ask you to complete a survey and/or offer you  an opportunity to participate in promotions, programs (such as the SHEIN  VIP program) and/or sweepstakes (collectively, “Promotions”) via the Site  or through a third-party platform. If you choose to participate in a Promotion,  we will collect and store the personal information you provide in connection  with your participation in the Promotion, including, but not limited to,  your name, email address, date of birth, and/or phone number. Such information  shall be subject to this Privacy Policy unless otherwise stated in the  official rules or guidelines of the Promotion or in another privacy policy  Information we collect in connection with a Promotion will be used to  administer the Promotion, such as by notifying winners and distributing  prizes. As permitted by applicable law, your information may also be used  by SHEIN or the Promotion sponsor for marketing purposes. Your entry into  the Promotion may result in the addition of your information to our mailing  list as well as to the mailing list of our promotional partners. Acceptance  of a prize may require you (unless prohibited by law) to allow us to post  publicly some of your information via the Site, such as on a winner's page.  Information Automatically Collected Through the Site.  We may automatically collect personal information about you when you use  the Site. For example, if you access the Site through a computer, we will  automatically collect information such as your browser type and version,  computer and connection information, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address and  standard web log information. If you access the Site through a mobile device,  we may also be able to identify the location of your mobile device. You  may choose not to share your location details with us by adjusting your  mobile device’s location services settings. For instructions on changing  the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer.  Please see section 2 below to learn more about our automatic Personal information  We may also combine the information we collect among our services and  across your devices and use different technologies to process your information  for the purposes described above. For example, we use automated systems  that analyze your account status and payment information to detect the  unsafe and unsecured payment. We also use automated systems to assess security  of your account and provide you suggestion to improve the security of your  2. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies  We may use cookies, tags, and similar technologies to automatically collect  information on our Services. These tracking technologies allow our technology  partners to collect information including your computer’s IP address, your  mobile device identifier, the type of internet browser you are using, operating  system, referral URLs, date/time stamps, pages viewed, and simple keyword  tags. Cookies or tags are bits of code that allow our technology partners  to collect information including your computer’s IP address, your mobile  device identifier, the type of internet browser you are using, operating  system, referral URLs, date/time stamps, pages viewed, and simple keyword  tags. We also use web pixels to analyze usage patterns on our Site.  The cookies are small web files that a site or its provider transfers  to your device’s hard drive through your web browser that enables the site’s  or provider’s system to recognize your browser and remember certain information.  Generally, we use first-party and third-party cookies for the following  purposes: to make our Services function properly; to provide a secure browsing  experience during your use of our Services; to collect passive information  about your use of our Services; to measure how you interact with our marketing  campaigns; to help us improve our Services; and to remember your preferences  We use the following types of cookies on our Services:  These cookies are essential because they enable you to use our Services.  For example, strictly necessary cookies allow you to access secure areas  on our Services. Without these cookies, some services cannot be provided.  These cookies do not gather information about you for marketing purposes.  This category of cookies is essential for our Services to work and they  We use functional cookies to remember your choices so we can tailor our  Services to provide you with enhanced features and personalized content.  For example, these cookies can be used to remember your name or preferences  on our Services. We do not use functional cookies to target you with online  marketing. While these cookies can be disabled, this may result in less  functionality during your use of our Services.  These cookies collect passive information about how you use our Services,  including webpages you visit and links you click. We use the information  collected by such cookies to improve and optimize our Services. We do not  use these cookies to target you with online marketing. You can disable  These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you.  They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing,  ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases  selecting advertisements that are based on your interests. Our third-party  advertising partners may use these cookies to build a profile of your interests  and deliver relevant advertising on other sites. You may disable the use  of these cookies as set forth below.  To see how successfully our marketing campaigns or other Site goals are  performing we sometimes use conversion pixels, which fire a short line  of code to tell us when you have clicked on a particular button or reached  a particular page (e.g. a thank you page once you have completed the procedure  for subscribing to one of our services or have completed one of our forms).  We also use web pixels to analyze usage patterns on our Site. The use of  a pixel allows SHEIN to record that a particular device, browser, or application  has visited a particular webpage.  Your browser may provide you with the option to refuse some or all browser  cookies. You may also be able to remove cookies from your browser. You  can exercise your preferences in relation to cookies served on our Sites  by taking the steps outlined below.  You can use the browser with which you are viewing this Site to enable,  disable or delete cookies. To do this, follow the instructions provided  by your browser (usually located within the “Help”, “Tools” or “Edit” settings).  Please note, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be  able to access secure areas of the Site. Also, if you disable cookies other  parts of the Services may not work properly. You can find more information  about how to change your browser cookie settings at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.  If you are not located in the European Countries, you can opt out of having  your mobile advertising identifiers used for certain types of advertising  by accessing the settings in mobile device and following the instructions.  If you opt-out, we will remove all data about you and will not collect  any further data. The random ID previously assigned to you will be removed.  Thus, if at a later stage, you decide to opt-in, we will be unable to continue  to track you using the prior ID and you will for all practical purposes  be a new user. If you are located in the European Countries, the cookie  banner on our website will provide you the opportunity to consent to having  your mobile advertising identifiers used for certain types of advertising  by accessing the settings in mobile device.  If you are not located in the European Countries, to opt-out of third-party  advertising networks and similar entities that use advertising cookies  go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices. Once you click the link you may  choose to opt-out of such advertising from all participating advertising  companies or only advertising provided by specific advertising entities.  For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar  entities that use these technologies, please see  . If you are not located in the European Countries, the cookie banner  on our website will provide you the opportunity to consent to having third-party  We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information  to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide  you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used  in this way. In addition, most web browsers provide help pages relating  to setting cookie preferences. More information may be found for the following  If you are not located in the European Countries, we may use third-party  service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Site. Presently,  we use Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered  by Google LLC (“Google”) that tracks and reports Site traffic. For more  information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google  Privacy & Terms web page:  . Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability  to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics,  . If you are located in the European Countries, and the Google Analytics  is structured to collect Personal Information, the cookie banner on our  website will provide you the opportunity to consent to Google Analytics.  We also use remarketing services to advertise on third-party websites  to you after you visited our Site or services. If you are not located in  the European Countries, we and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform,  optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service. We use  Google Ads for these purposes. Google Ads remarketing service is provided  by Google. You can opt-out of this by visiting the Google Ads Settings  . If you are located in the European Countries, and the Google Ads is  structured to collect Personal Information, the cookie banner on our website  will provide you the opportunity to consent to Google Ads.  We may also use Tracking Technologies to collect "clickstream" data, such  as the domain name of the service providing you with Internet access, your  device type, IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet,  your browser type and version, operating system and platform, the average  time spent on our Site, webpages viewed, content searched for, access times  and other relevant statistics, and assign unique identifiers to the device  or other credentials you use to access the Site for the same purposes.  Pages of our Site and our emails may contain small electronic files known  as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel  gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those  pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for  example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying  Pages of our Site may also use Java scripts, which are code snippets embedded  in various parts of websites and applications that facilitate a variety  of operations including accelerating the refresh speed of certain functionality  or monitoring usage of various online components; entity tags, which are  HTTP code mechanisms that allow portions of websites to be stored or “cached”  within your browser to accelerate website performance; and HTML5 local  storage, which allows data from websites to be stored or “cached” within  your browser to store and retrieve data in HTML5 pages when the website  Some Internet browsers, such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari,  include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” or “DNT” signals. Since  uniform standards for “DNT" signals have not been adopted, our Site does  not currently process or respond to “DNT” signals.  You may be able to adjust the settings of your device so that information  about your physical location is not sent to us or third-parties by (a)  disabling location services within the device settings; or (b) denying  certain websites or mobile applications permission to access location information  by changing the relevant preferences and permissions in your mobile device  or browser settings. Please note that your location may be derived from  your WiFi, Bluetooth, and other device settings. See your device settings  3. How We Use Your Personal Information  We will only use your personal information as described in this Privacy  Policy or as disclosed to you prior to such processing taking place.  To Provide You Our Services.  We will use your personal information to provide information or perform  Services that you request, including managing your request as a registered  user of our Site. If the applicable information is to be provided or Service  is to be performed by a third party, then we will disclose the applicable  information to the third party providing the information or performing  applicable Services. All third parties that we work with are contractually  obligated to protect your information as disclosed in this Privacy Policy.  We use your personal information for the purposes of furthering our business,  including improving our Site's content and functionality by analyzing where,  on which types of devices and how our Site is used, how many visitors we  receive, and where they click through to the Site from. We also use it  to remember you in case you re-visit our Site, so we will know if you have  already been served with surveys, or (where Site content is undergoing  testing) which version of the content you were served.  To Provide You with Service-Related Communications.  We will send you administrative or account-related information to keep  you updated about your account and the Services. Such communications may  include information about Privacy Policy updates, confirmations of your  account actions or transactions, security updates or tips or other relevant  transaction-related information. We process your contact information to  send you such communications. Service-related communications are not promotional  in nature. You are not able to unsubscribe from such communications, otherwise  you may miss important developments relating to your account or the Services.  To Provide Customer Support or Respond to You.  We collect any information that you provide to us when you contact us.  Without your personal information, we cannot respond to you or ensure your  continued use and enjoyment of the Services.  To Ensure the Security of the Services.  We care about keeping you secure and safe while using our Services. Keeping  you safe requires us to process your personal information, such as your  device information, activity information and other relevant information.  We use such information to combat spam, malware, malicious activities or  security risks; improve and enforce our security measures; and to monitor  and verify your identity so that unauthorized users do not gain access  to your information. We cannot ensure the security of our Services if we  do not process your personal information for security purposes.  To Enforce Compliance with Our Terms and Agreements or Policies.  When you access or use our Services, you are bound to our Terms and Conditions.  To ensure you comply with them, we process your personal information by  actively monitoring, investigating, preventing and mitigating any alleged  or actual prohibited, illicit or illegal activities on our Services. Subject  to the applicable law, we may also process your personal information to:  investigate, prevent or mitigate violations of our internal terms, agreements  or policies and enforce our agreements with third parties and business  To Maintain Legal and Regulatory Compliance.  Our Services are subject to certain laws and regulations which may require  us to process your personal information. For example, we process your personal  information to pay our taxes, to fulfill our business obligations, ensure  compliance with employment and recruitment laws or as necessary to manage  risk as required under applicable law. Without processing your personal  information for such purposes, we cannot perform the Services in accordance  with our legal and regulatory requirements.  4. Sharing Your Personal Information  Other than sharing your personal information so that you can use our Services,  or as required or permitted by law, we do not share personal information  about you with non-affiliated third parties. We may disclose your personal  SHEIN is a part of a corporate organization that has several legal entities,  business processes, management structures and technical systems. SHEIN  may share your personal information within this organization to provide  you with the Services and take actions based on your request.  We may share your personal information with third-party service providers  acting on our behalf to help us operate our Services. These third parties  can only use your data in accordance with our written instructions and  must comply with the information security protections we have put in place.  To Maintain Legal and Regulatory Compliance.  We have the right to disclose your personal information as required by  law, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights  and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, request from a regulator  or any other legal process served on SHEIN. If there is a takeover, sale  or purchase of our business, we may disclose your personal information  to the new (or prospective) owner of the business.  In certain circumstances, and subject to the applicable law, we may share  your personal information with third parties to market their products or  Portions of our Site or Services may be offered as part of co-branded  services and features. We will share your personal information with our  co-branded partners based on your voluntary use of or participation in  a co-branded service or feature. The co-branded partners will be identified  on the co-branded feature or service, along with an applicable co-branded  partner's privacy policy. Use of your personal information by a co-branded  partner will be subject to a co-branded partner’s privacy policy. If you  wish to opt-out of a co-branded partner’s future use of your personal information,  you will need to contact the co-branded partner directly.  We may disclose your personal information for any purpose with your consent.  We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to  guard and prevent misuse of your personal information. Our security measures  include industry-standard physical, technical and administrative measures  to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of your information, to  maintain data accuracy, to ensure the appropriate use of information, and  otherwise safeguard your personal information. We restrict access to your  non-public personal information to those employees and third parties who  need such information to provide products or Services.  Please recognize that protecting your personal information is also your  responsibility. We ask you to be responsible for safeguarding your password,  secret questions and answers and other authentication information you use  If you feel that the security of your account or personal data has been  compromised, please immediately contact us at following email address  . Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security system is  impenetrable. In the event of a security breach, we will promptly notify  you and the proper authorities if required by law.  We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is accurate,  complete, and up to date. You have the right to access, correct, or delete  the personal information that we collect, subject to certain exceptions.  To protect the privacy and the security of your personal information, we  may request data from you to enable us to confirm your identity and right  to access such data, as well as to search for and provide you with the  personal data we maintain. There are instances where applicable laws or  regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide or delete  some or all of the personal information that we maintain. You may  We will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary  for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use  your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal  obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply  with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements  If you send us correspondence, including emails, we retain such information  electronically in the records of your account. We will also electronically  retain customer service correspondence and other correspondence from SHEIN  to you. We retain these records to measure and improve our customer service  and to investigate potential fraud and violations. We may, over time, delete  these records as permitted by law.  SHEIN will also retain Site and services usage data for internal analysis  purposes. Usage data is generally retained for a shorter period of time,  except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve  the functionality of our Site, or we are legally obligated to retain this  Our Site may contain links to third-party sites. This Privacy Policy does  not apply to those third-party sites. We recommend that you read the privacy  statements of any other sites that you visit as we are not responsible  for the privacy practices of those sites.  Our Services are not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect personal  information from, children under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please  do not attempt to fill out our forms or send any personal information about  yourself to us. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us  with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information  10. Specific Notice for Individuals in the European Economic Area, the  This section only applies to individuals using or accessing our Service  while located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland  (collectively, the “European Countries”) at the time of data collection.  Pursuant to the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), personal  information is referred to as personal data. For the sake of clarity references  to personal information in this Policy concerns personal data in the sense  We may ask you to identify which country you are located in when you use  or access some of the Services, or we may rely on your IP address to identify  which country you are located in. When we rely on your IP address, we cannot  apply the terms of this section to any individual that masks or otherwise  hides their location information from us so as not to appear located in  European Countries. If any terms in this section conflict with other terms  contained in this Policy, the terms in this section shall apply to individuals  Your personal information is collected and processed by ZOETOP Business  Co., Limited, Incorporated in HongKong, which is operating the website  and the sale of SHEIN brand products. In other words, ZOETOP Business Co.,  Limited is the Controller of the data. This means that we are responsible  for processing and protecting your personal data.  Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal Information.  We rely on the following legal bases under the GDPR in processing your  Our legal basis to process personal information for the following sections  of this Privacy Policy is your consent.  Section 2 In relation to mobile Advertising and third-party advertising  and analytics cookies, that collect your personal information, as described  Section 4(D) Third Party Advertisers  Our legal basis to process personal information for the following sections  of this Privacy Policy is to provide our Services to you. Our processing  is based on our contract obligations or to take steps at the request of  the individual prior to entering into a contract.  Section 3(A) To Provide You Our Services  Section 3(C) To Provide You with Service-Related Communications  Section 3(D) To Provide Customer Support or Respond to You  Section 4(A) Within Our Corporate Organization  Section 4(E) Co-Branded Services or Features  Our legal basis to process personal information for the following sections  of this Privacy Policy is our legitimate interest to better understand  you, to maintain and improve the accuracy of the information we store about  you, and to better promote or optimize our Services.  Section 3(B) For Internal Use  Our legal basis to process personal information for the following sections  of this Privacy Policy is to comply with our legal obligations, or your  Section 3(E) To Ensure the Security of the Services  Section 3(F) To Enforce Compliance with Our Terms and Agreements or Policies  Section 3(G) To Maintain Legal and Regulatory Compliance  Section 4(C) To Maintain Legal and Regulatory Compliance  We will only contact you if you are located in a European Country by electronic  means (including email or SMS) based on our legitimate interests, as permitted  by applicable law or your consent. If you do not want us to use your Personal  Information in this way, please click the unsubscribe link at the bottom  of any of our email messages to you or contact us at  You can object to direct marketing at any time and free of charge.  We provide you with the rights described below when you use our Services.  We may limit your individual rights requests: (a) where denial of access  is required or authorized by law; (b) when granting access would have a  negative impact on other’s privacy; (c) to protect our rights and properties;  or (d) where the request is frivolous or unrealistic. If you would like  to exercise your rights under applicable law, please contact us at  You can request access or deletion of your personal information, subject  You can correct or update your personal information, object to processing  of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing your personal  information or request portability of your personal information.  If we collected and processed your personal information with your consent,  then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent  will not affect the lawfulness of the processing we conducted prior to  your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information  conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.  You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our  collection and use of your personal information.  If you believe we have infringed or violated your privacy rights, please  so that we may resolve your dispute directly.  Transfer of Your Personal Information.  When you access or use our Services, your personal information may be  processed or transferred outside the EEA. Such countries or jurisdictions  may have data protection laws that are less protective than the laws of  the jurisdiction in which you reside. For these transfers we rely on appropriate  safeguards as permitted under the GDPR such as Standard Contractual Clauses,  contract with Privacy Shield certified companies, and/or transfer the personal  information pursuant to Article 49 (1) (b) GDPR to provide our Services  pursuant to the Terms of Service. If you do not want your information transferred  to, processed, or maintained outside of the country or jurisdiction where  you are located, you should immediately stop accessing or using the Services.  For further details about these transfers and the safeguards that we use  to facilitate such transfers, contact us at  If you have questions or concerns regarding any information in this Privacy  Policy, please contact us by  . You can also contact us via our customer service at our Site.  Free Return - 60 Days  Sign up for SheIn style news  By clicking the SUBSCRIBE button, you are agreeing to our Privacy & Cookie Policy  Please agree to our Privacy & Cookie Policy. Subscribe  ©2009-2021 SHEIN All Rights Reserved  Privacy Center Privacy & Cookie Policy Manage Cookies Terms & Conditions Copyright Notice Imprint  Vatican City State (Holy See)  The page you selected cannot handle the problems of existing orders. Do you want to continue?  Download to enjoy £3OFF 1st order Code: sheg3  You successfully added these products to Board !  Hey, we think you are in the United Kingdom Change to SHEIN UK site for a better shopping experience Register & Get £3 OFF on Your First Order FREE Shipping on Orders over £35 SHOP NOW Shipping elsewhere? Visit SHEIN's original Site! We use cookies to give you the best shopping experience. If you continue to use our services or create a new account,we will assume that you agree to our Privacy & Cookie Policy. I ACCEPT >  By clicking the button "Subscribe", you agree to our Privacy & Cookie Policy.  Privacy Preference CenterWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.  More informationAllow All Manage Consent PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance Cookies  Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Functional Cookies  Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Targeting Cookies  Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Back Button Performance CookiesVendor Search  Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My ChoicesTo improve your experience, we use cookies to remember log-in details, collect statistics and deliver content tailored to your interests. Click Accept to accept cookies or click Cookie Settings to choose whether to accept certain cookies on the site. Click here to see our Privacy Policy.Reject All AcceptCookies SettingsVerifyingVerification SucceededTimed outRetryundefined