Continue to Data privacy rights form  Under data protection laws you have rights with regard how your personal information is handled by VFS  Global. The privacy rights vary from country to country, however in VFS Global we enable you to exercise  full range of data protection rights worldwide. It includes rights: of access/copy of data processed by VFS  Global, update of data, restriction of processing, withdrawal of consent, erasure (with limits) of data or  to register a concern about your privacy.  IMPORTANT: Information that is NOT available using the Subject Access Request :  General information about visas (type, cost, documents required),  Status of your visa application (granted, not granted, reason for not granted, etc.),  Appointment scheduling, times of VAC opening,  Please contact VFS Global Customer Care Team for this information.  VFS Global is not authorized to disclose the information submitted as part of a visa application. This  includes copies of your visa applications or other information submitted by you. If you require this  information you need to directly contact the respective Diplomatic Mission of the country whose visa you  In case of court orders, witness summons, ex-employee references please, contact dpo@vfsglobal.com  How to obtain information from VFS Global.  There are different channels which you can contact VFS Global for obtaining information.  1. Visa applications/ status related matters  by contacting our Customer Care Team.  2. Additional Services (such as insurances, hotel bookings, priority lounge, pricing and  by contacting our Customer Care Team.  by visiting VFS Global Careers  by contacting our Customer Care Team. or by Twitter at @VFSGlobalCare  5. Information relating to data protection and privacy matters:  by using our SAR form or by contacting dpo@vfsglobal.com  Who can submit a Subject Access Request?  SAR can be requested by the individual concerned or their authorized representatives.  What Information do you need to provide?  Because of the global reach, complexity and diverse nature of our operations we may ask you to clarify your  request by asking you to provide the additional information. It is not mandatory to provide this  information, but it will speed the fulfillment of your request.  Additional information that you may be asked to provide:  Your interaction with VFS Global:  a) What interaction you had with VFS e.g. visa application, employment etc.  b) If you have applied for a visa, which country are you resident and which country was the  c) Date of interaction with VFS,  d) Application Reference Number (if any).  Status of your visa application (granted, not granted, reason for not granted, etc.),  Appointment scheduling, times of VAC opening,  In order to protect your privacy, we may ask you for proof of identity. This is to ensure that it is really  you who is making the request and not someone else. We will only request enough information to enable us to  This proof of identity consists of sending a photo of you holding your government issued ID at the level of  your face as shown in the diagram. The ID document should be clearly visible.  How long will take VFS Global to reply to your SAR?  We will respond to your request as soon as possible and without delay. If there are no legal time limits to  fulfil your request in your country, we will fulfil your request latest within a month of receipt of your  request or sooner. In rare circumstances this period may be extended as permissible, in accordance with law.  If that is the case, we will contact you to let you know.  Is there a fee for this?  VFS Global will not normally charge a fee for doing so, however, is important to note that there are some  circumstances in which, we could charge you some fees in accordance with the law. We will let you know in  advance, if that is the case.  Continue to Data privacy rights form