Data Collection & Use - Reflexis Systems  This Privacy Notice explains clearly how Reflexis collects, stores and uses the personal data that we collect from visitors when they interact with us on our website.  2. WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU FILL OUT ONE OF OUR REQUEST FORMS?  By completing and submitting one of our request forms you are agreeing for us to opt you into our marketing communications. Please see section 3 to understand what this includes.  Once you have filled in a request form our website will also store a cookie on your computer that will begin to track and collect information about your activity. Please see section 6 to understand more about this.  3. WHAT TYPE OF MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS DO WE SEND?  We may send you the following emails:  Newsletters: We send out quarterly corporate newsletters that include information about upcoming events, latest industry news, blogs, and whitepapers.  Event emails: We may send out invites for Reflexis hosted events and events that we are attending throughout the year. We may also send out event updates to keep you informed.  Product information: We may occasionally send you new information about our products to keep you updated or relevant information that we think you will benefit from receiving.  4. YOU CAN UNSUBSCRIBE AT ANY TIME  If you do not want to receive any of marketing communications from us then you will be able to unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the email preference link the bottom of all Reflexis emails. This page will also allow you to select and personalise what specific communications you would like to receive from us.  5. HOW DO WE STORE YOUR DATA?  The information we collect on our website is stored on our CRM system.  Reflexis uses cookies to help us understand more about our website visitor activity. For example, we can track data about visits to the website, including numbers of visitors and visits, geo-location data, length of time spent on the site, pages clicked on or where visitors have come.  If you do not want us to track this information you can turn off cookies within your browser, follow the instructions here: https://cookies.insites.com/disable-cookies/.  We hope this page helps you to understand how Reflexis keeps your data safe and answers any questions you may have. If not, please get in touch with us at info@reflexisinc.com.  If you would like to learn more, please see our full Privacy Policy here http://www.reflexisinc.com/privacy-policy/.  3 Allied Drive Suite #220  Before you submit any form on this site, please read the Data Collection & Use to understand what you are agreeing to when you submit a form.  © 2021 — Reflexis Systems, Inc.  This Privacy Notice explains clearly how Reflexis collects, stores and uses the personal data that we collect from visitors when they interact with us on our website.  2. WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU FILL OUT ONE OF OUR REQUEST FORMS?  By completing and submitting one of our request forms you are agreeing for us to opt you into our marketing communications. Please see section 3 to understand what this includes.  Once you have filled in a request form our website will also store a cookie on your computer that will begin to track and collect information about your activity. Please see section 6 to understand more about this.  3. WHAT TYPE OF MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS DO WE SEND?  We may send you the following emails:  Newsletters: We send out quarterly corporate newsletters that include information about upcoming events, latest industry news, blogs, and whitepapers.  Event emails: We may send out invites for Reflexis hosted events and events that we are attending throughout the year. We may also send out event updates to keep you informed.  Product information: We may occasionally send you new information about our products to keep you updated or relevant information that we think you will benefit from receiving.  4. YOU CAN UNSUBSCRIBE AT ANY TIME  If you do not want to receive any of marketing communications from us then you will be able to unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the email preference link the bottom of all Reflexis emails. This page will also allow you to select and personalise what specific communications you would like to receive from us.  5. HOW DO WE STORE YOUR DATA?  The information we collect on our website is stored on our CRM system.  Reflexis uses cookies to help us understand more about our website visitor activity. For example, we can track data about visits to the website, including numbers of visitors and visits, geo-location data, length of time spent on the site, pages clicked on or where visitors have come.  If you do not want us to track this information you can turn off cookies within your browser, follow the instructions here: https://cookies.insites.com/disable-cookies/.  We hope this page helps you to understand how Reflexis keeps your data safe and answers any questions you may have. If not, please get in touch with us at info@reflexisinc.com.  If you would like to learn more, please see our full Privacy Policy here http://www.reflexisinc.com/privacy-policy/.  Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy. Click here to read our cookies policy.Ok