Privacy – Scotland's Health on the Web  Scotland's Health on the Web  Putting Scotland's Health on the Web  NHS Scotland fully respects your right to privacy when using our websites. On this page you will find details of our privacy practices in connection with this website and what we do to maintain your right to privacy.  Collection of personal information on this website  NHS Scotland does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information that you volunteer, either by emailing us or by submitting the online forms.  Use of personal information collected via this website  Any information, which you provide via this website is not made available to any third parties. Any information provided is used by NHS Scotland solely for the purpose of processing your information request.  Collection and use of technical information  Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged, collected and used by our website host, Scottish Health on the Web (SHOW).  NHS Scotland will make no attempt to identify individual users. You should be aware, however, that access to web pages will generally create log file entries in the systems of your Internet Service Provider (ISP) or network services provider. These entities may identify the client and device used to access a page. Such monitoring would be done by the provider of network services and is outwith the responsibility or control of NHS Scotland.  Log files are maintained and analysed of all requests for files on SHOW servers. Aggregated analyses of these log files are used to monitor website usage. These analyses are used to allow us to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of our websites. All log file information collected by NHS Scotland is kept secure and is not provided to any third parties.  Due to changes in EU legislation, which came into force on 26 May 2012, we need to inform you about cookies we store on your device.  To allow us to meet the legislation we have implemented an ‘implied consent’ solution. You will see a bar across the top of the site informing you that cookies are used, and inviting you to acknowledge the message by clicking ‘OK’. You do not need to click OK and the site will continue to function as expected. If you click OK the information bar will be removed on all pages and on subsequent visits to this site.  Cookies are small files stored in your browser and are used by most websites to help personalise your web experience. Some features on this site will not function if you do not allow cookies.  For additional information on cookies please see the Information Commissioner’s Office.  All the cookies we set on this site are deemed to be minimally intrusive in terms of your privacy. By continuing to use this site you imply that you consent to these cookies being set.  This is a small cookie used to store your cookie preferences.  We use Piwik Analytics service on this website to track page and visitor statistic.  We use a number of tools and external applications to enhance visitor interaction on our site.  These cookies are used on some sites when completing online forms, logging in to the site or using other functions. They do not contain any personal information and for the most part are automatically deleted when you close your browser. This site does not use any functional cookies.  If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. You can access them through some types of browser. Search in your cookie folders for ‘nhsnss’ to find our cookie if you wish to delete them.  More information about cookies, including how to block them or delete them, can be found at AboutCookies.org.  Visitors can use this website with no perceived loss of functionality if cookies are disabled from the web browser.  Details of cookies used by this website  This list shows all cookies used by Scotland’s Health on the Web , and what each is used for.  These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where vistors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.  Click here for an overview of privacy at Piwik  Privacy and data protection enquiries relating to this website may be made in writing to:  Coronavirus (COVID-19)If you have concerns about Coronavirus (COVID-19) and are worried about symptoms, you must stay home and call your GP or NHS 24 (111) out of hours where you will receive help.  For the latest health information and advice please visit NHS Inform website.  Latest information on the situation in Scotland is being published by The Scottish Government.  Latest PublicationsVisit www.publications.scot.nhs.uk to view all our latest publications.  European Health Insurance Card (EHIC)  National Information Systems Group (NISG)  NHS Inform provides a service to lookup your nearest Pharmacy, GP, Dentist, Hospital, Travel Clinic and Sexual Health Clinic.  View all NHS Scotland Healthboard regions  Accessibility | Disclaimer | Privacy | External Links | NHSScotland Recruitment | Site Map | Contact Us  ©2020 Scotland's Health on the Web This website places cookies on your device to help us improve our service to you. To find out more, see our Privacy and Cookies statement. .Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy  This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalit...  Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. 