RoomsFeaturesPrivacy & safetyFor developersYou control your Messenger experienceYou control your Messenger experienceYou control your Messenger experienceProtecting your privacyWho you talk to and what you share should be up to you. We’re dedicated to making sure Messenger is a safe, private, and secure place for you to connect with the people who matter. To do this, we’ve built tools that allow you to stay in control, secure your account, and stay safe on the platform.SETTINGSAPP LOCKBLOCKREPORTSAFETY NOTICESENCRYPTED CHATSSETTINGSYour Messenger, your way.You decide who reaches your Chats list, who goes to your Message Request folder, and who can’t message or call you at all. Privacy settings let you control message delivery, blocked contacts, App lock, Secret Conversations, story audience and muted stories in one place. Learn MoreAPP LOCKKeep it Extra Secure.If you’re looking for more security, opt in to App Lock. Use your device's face or fingerprint ID to unlock Messenger, giving you extra protection for your chats. Learn MoreBLOCKStop unwanted messages or calls.If someone’s bothering you, you can block them, and we won’t tell them they’re blocked. For Messenger Rooms, when someone you’ve blocked is logged into Facebook or Messenger, they won’t be able to join a room you’re in and you won’t be able to join theirs. Learn MoreREPORTHelp us keep the community safe.If you come across possible harmful content or behavior, such as harassment or impersonation, please report it. If we see that it violates our Community Standards, we’ll take appropriate action, which could include disabling their account or limiting their ability to send messages. Learn MoreSAFETY NOTICESKnowledge when you need it.Brief pop-ups in your chats help you spot suspicious activity and take action if something isn’t right so you can avoid harmful interactions and possible scams. Learn MoreENCRYPTED CHATSOpt into end-to-end encrypted conversations.When you want to remain completely private, you can choose to send end-to-end encrypted messages with Secret Conversations. That means that messages can only be read by you and the person you send them to, and no one else - not even us - can listen in. As part of our commitment to privacy, Messenger will become end-to-end encrypted by default. Learn MoreKEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SAFEYour messages are your messages.We want you to know what information we collect and how we use it. We don’t use the content of your messages with other people for ad targeting, which means advertisers can’t target you based on what you say in messages. As with other parts of Facebook, we collect information from Messenger primarily to provide the service, improve the product experience, and keep people safe and secure.Learn MoreKEEPING HACKERS AT BAYWe have expert teams dedicated to detecting and preventing hackers from accessing your personal messages and information.We also offer these tools to help you stay safe:Two-Factor AuthenticationImprove your account safety and help protect yourself from hacking and phishing attempts even if your password is compromised.Learn MoreLogin AlertsHelp safeguard your account from potential threats and attacks by enabling login alerts. These alert you if we detect unrecognized logins and login attempts.Learn MoreSafer Message RequestsIt’s easy to block or delete new Message Requests. To keep you extra safe, we also hide or blur images and disable links unless you reply to the message or copy and paste the link in a browser tab.Learn MoreKEEPING YOU SAFEA safe platform is critical for you to feel secure about sharing with the people you care about.That’s why we’re constantly working to stop malicious activity before it reaches you. Here are the ways we work to protect your privacy, safety, and well-being on Messenger:KEEPING YOU SAFEA safe platform is critical for you to feel secure about sharing with the people you care about.That’s why we’re constantly working to stop malicious activity before it reaches you.Here are the ways we work to protect your privacy, safety, and well-being on Messenger:Stopping scammersWe filter potentially harmful messages so they don’t reach your inbox. Safety notices may pop up in your chats to help you spot potential scams or imposters and offer ways to respond like blocking the account.Removing fake accountsWe detect and block millions of fake accounts on Facebook every day to ensure your Messenger experience stays safe and secure. The majority of these accounts are caught within minutes of registration, before they are able to cause harm.Leveraging AIWe enlist the help of artificial intelligence to identify unusual behavioral patterns correlated with phishing, scamming, and other harmful activities to remove them from our platform. As these harmful activities evolve, so does our technology.Spotting impersonatorsThe Blue Badge on Messenger lets you make sure the account you’re speaking with is authentic, and helps to prevent scammers from posing as public figures, media companies or brands.Reducing the spread of misinformationTo reduce the spread of viral misinformation and harmful content, we limit the number of chats a message can be forwarded to at one time. We also have additional protections in place for content that has been identified as misinformation on Facebook and shared directly into Messenger. For more information, see How Facebook Protects Elections.Enhanced safeguards for minorsKeeping minors safe on our platforms is one of our greatest responsibilities. We provide enhanced safety features for children under the age of 18 such as limiting who can message them and how they can be found in search, and offer them educational tips. We also use machine learning to detect and disable accounts who are engaging in inappropriate interactions with children.Visit Parents PortalTechnical WhitepapersFor in-depth, technical explanation of our tools and techniques, you can find our downloadable whitepapers here:Messenger Secret Conversations: Technical WhitepaperAdditional resources Messenger Kids  Privacy & Security on Facebook  Privacy & Security on Facebook  Privacy & Security on Facebook  © Facebook 2021. The Apple and Google Play logos are trademarks of their respective owners. Data PolicyTermsEnglish (UK)Deutsch‎English (UK)‎English (US)‎Español (España)‎Español‎Français (France)‎Italiano‎日本語‎Polski‎Português (Brasil)‎Português (Portugal)‎ภาษาไทย‎Tiếng Việt‎Coming soon! Message your Instagram friends straight from Messenger. Learn more.  Accept cookies from Messenger in this browser?We use cookies to help personalise and improve content and services, serve relevant ads and provide a safer experience. You can change your cookie permissions at any time in your browser settings. Learn more about cookie uses in our Cookie Policy.Manage Data SettingsAccept All