SchoolPost - Website privacy policy  CONTACT US NOW FOR MORE INFO OR TO ARRANGE A DEMO  +44 (0) 20 8133 4415  Your right to privacy is important to us. We are keen to strike a fair balance between your privacy and  ensuring that you obtain full value from the internet and the products and services we may be able to offer  For further information relating specifically to hosted SchoolPost systems and GDPR please also see Data Protection, Hosting and Security.  In some areas of our website we ask you to provide information that will enable us to enhance your visit  to the website or reply to you after your visit. This includes where you complete a form to make an enquiry or request support services. We ask you to give us your name, e-mail address and other information that is needed to supply these services to you.  We may use your personal data for future email contact, support, notification of new products or new  versions, and general correspondence regarding our products and services. If you would rather not receive future emails from us please inform us by email  The information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to support your relationship  with us as outlined in this policy or elsewhere on this website. We will not transfer or disclose your  information to third parties without your prior consent.  Our use of cookies and other information gathering technologies  This website uses cookies to collect anonymous information about how visitors use it. For further information about cookies and how we use them please see our cookies page.  If any of the information which you have provided to us changes - for example if you change your email  address or if you wish to cancel your registration for any of the services provided by us - please let us  know the correct details by sending an email to support@schoolpost.co.uk. Requests for removal from any mailing list which we operate will always be dealt with promptly.  By submitting your information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this policy. If  we change our privacy policy we will post the changes on this page, and may place notices on other pages of  the website so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times.  Continued use of our services will signify that you agree to any such changes.  We welcome your views about all aspects of this website including this privacy policy. If you would like  to contact us with any queries or comments please send an email to  © Copyright Firefly Learning Ltd. Registered in England and Wales with company number 10115230 / Firefly Learning Pty Ltd registered in Australia with ABN 93 601 708 230  We have been providing practical, cost-effective online communication solutions to schools and businesses for twenty years. SchoolPost was originally developed in close collaboration with The Perse School in Cambridge and is now used by many of the UK's top independent schools.  Pupils have been receiving GCSE results via SchoolPost this morning. Results can easily be uploaded as a batch in advance...  We're delighted to be working with King Edward VI Shakespeare's School, Saint Bede's Catholic High School and  Recent new SchoolPost launches include Croydon High School, Griffin House School, Queen's Gate School...  +44 (0) 20 8133 4415  Privacy | Cookies | Data Protection