We use cookies on our website. By continuing to browse our website, you are agreeing to our cookies.  Find out more about our cookies  My Account BroadbandCompare broadband dealsFibreUltrafast FibreFuture FibreSecurityOur Wi-Fi HubAmazon eeroOur BroadbandHomeworker BroadbandTVTV and Fibre BroadbandCallsCall PlansCall SecurityAboutChoose TalkTalkCOVID-19Broadband Compare broadband deals Fibre Ultrafast Fibre Future Fibre Security Our Wi-Fi Hub Amazon eero Our Broadband Homeworker Broadband TV TV and Fibre Broadband Calls Call Plans Call Security About Choose TalkTalk COVID-19 BusinessHelpMailMy Account Sign in Privacy Policy Talk Talk Privacy Policy Hello, and welcome to the TalkTalk Privacy Policy page.  We appreciate you stopping by to read the TalkTalk Privacy Policy; it's important that you do. We've tried to keep our privacy policy as straight forward as possible.  View, download and print the TalkTalk Privacy Policy [PDF: 252KB]Talk Talk Privacy PolicyHello, and welcome to the TalkTalk Privacy Policy page.  We appreciate you stopping by to read the TalkTalk Privacy Policy; it's important that you do. We've tried to keep our privacy policy as straight forward as possible.  View, download and print the TalkTalk Privacy Policy [PDF: 252KB] Small Print (21 items) Fibre broadband + Free unlimited UK calls  Offer available on Fibre 65 and Fibre 150. Subject to availability. Fibre 35 package £25.00 a month, plus £4.95 one off equipment delivery charge. 24-month contract. Fibre 65 package £29.95 a month, plus £4.95 one off equipment delivery charge. 24-month contract. Check fibre availability on our website. Offer ends 07/07/2021.  Unlimited UK Calls Boost included free for the entire length of the 24-month contract, £14 per month thereafter.  Unlimited UK Calling Boost includes calls to UK landline numbers starting 01, 02, 03, and standard UK mobile numbers only. Excludes Channel Islands. All other numbers not included. 60 min max per call.  Once your minimum contracted term has finished, your monthly cost will increase each April, every year, in line with Consumer Price Index rate of inflation.  Fibre 35Latest offer for the entire minimum term of your contract (£23 per month for 18 month contract, £29.95 per month for 24 month contract, £29.95 per month for 12 month contract - £29.95 per month thereafter). The monthly price of Fibre 35 broadband will rise in April each year by the rate of inflation plus 3.7%, from 2022. This plan has fibre broadband with average speeds of 38Mb/s. Average speeds are based on the download speeds of at least 50% of our customer base at peak time (8pm-10pm). Speeds will vary depending on a number of different factors. Your exact speed estimate will be given at point of sale.Fibre 65Latest offer for the entire minimum term of your contract (£25 per month for 18 month contract, £29.95 per month for 24 month contract, £29.95 per month for 12 month contract, £29.95 per month thereafter). The monthly price of Fibre 65 broadband will rise in April each year by the rate of inflation plus 3.7%, from 2022. This plan has fibre broadband with average speeds of 67Mb/s. Average speeds are based on the download speeds of at least 50% of our customer base at peak time (8pm-10pm). Speeds will vary depending on a number of different factors. Your exact speed estimate will be given at point of sale.Fibre 150£29.95 for 18 month minimum term contract. £39.95 for 24 month contract. £39.95 for 12 month contract. Fibre 150 broadband plan offers average speeds of 145Mb/s, 13x faster than standard broadband, more than 3x faster than Fibre 35, and 2x faster than Fibre 65. Average speeds are based on the download speeds of at least 50% of our customers based at peak times (8-10pm). Speeds will vary depending on a number of factors. Your predicted speeds, including minimum guaranteed speed, will be given at point of sale.Fibre 150 will require installation by an Openreach engineer. An appointment date and arrival time slot will be agreed when you place your order, this can be changed up to 48 hours prior to the appointment date. The installation typically takes 1-2 hours. If the appointment is missed due to the engineer being unable to get access to your property you may be charged.  Fibre 150 and Fibre 500 Data OnlyFibre 150 Data Only  Amazon eero 6 router: An equipment delivery charge of £4.95 applies.  Eligibility for TalkTalk plans with Amazon eero depends on location. For the small number of properties outside eligible locations, customers will receive TalkTalk’s award-winning Wi-Fi Hub. Location will be confirmed by sales agents at point of sale. One eero included with your package, though supplementary eeros can be purchased by contacting TalkTalk. The eero device is restricted use and can only be used on the TalkTalk broadband network and with TalkTalk eero enabled packages (currently Fibre 150 and 500 data-only), otherwise they may be deactivated. A compatible mobile phone is required to use the eero app and install your eero device and will be confirmed at point of sale. You will need to agree to Amazon eero Terms and Conditions and read their Privacy Policy.  Fibre 150 Data Only and Fibre 500 Data Only will require installation by an engineer. An appointment date and arrival time slot will be agreed when you place your order, this can be changed up to 48 hours prior to the appointment date. The installation typically takes 1-2 hours. If the appointment is missed due to the engineer being unable to get access to your property you may be charged.  Faster than standard Broadband: when compared to TalkTalk's average download speed on Fast Broadband which has average speeds of 11Mb/s.  Average speed: TalkTalk's Fibre 150 Data Only average download speeds are based on providing an Openreach 160Mb/s download product to the connection point in the home with an adjustment made based on the typical performance seen across our broadband products. You can check the estimated speed to your property prior to purchasing.  Amazon eero Pro 6 router: An equipment delivery charge of £4.95 applies.  Eligibility for TalkTalk plans with Amazon eero depends on location. For the small number of properties outside eligible locations, customers will receive TalkTalk’s award-winning Wi-Fi Hub. Location will be confirmed by sales agents at point of sale. One eero included with your package, though supplementary eeros can be purchased by contacting TalkTalk. The eero device is restricted use and can only be used on the TalkTalk broadband network and with TalkTalk eero enabled packages (currently Fibre 150 and 500 data-only), otherwise they may be deactivated. A compatible mobile phone is required to use the eero app and install your eero device and will be confirmed at point of sale. You will need to agree to Amazon eero Terms and Conditions and read their Privacy Policy.  Fibre 150 Data Only and Fibre 500 Data Only will require installation by an engineer. An appointment date and arrival time slot will be agreed when you place your order, this can be changed up to 48 hours prior to the appointment date. The installation typically takes 1-2 hours. If the appointment is missed due to the engineer being unable to get access to your property you may be charged.  Faster than standard Broadband: when compared to TalkTalk's average download speed on Fast Broadband which has average speeds of 11Mb/s.  Average speed: TalkTalk's Fibre 500 Data Only average download speeds are based on providing an Openreach 550Mb/s download product to the connection point in the home with an adjustment made based on the typical performance seen across our broadband products. You can check the estimated speed to your property prior to purchasing.  Fibre 250£40 for 18 month minimum term contract. £44 for 24 month contract. £44 for 18 month contract. Fibre 250 broadband plan offers average speeds of 290Mb/s.Average speeds are based on the download speeds of at least 50% of our customers based at peak times (8-10pm). Speeds will vary depending on a number of factors. Your predicted speeds, including minimum guaranteed speed, will be given at point of sale.Fibre 250 will require installation by an Openreach engineer. An appointment date and arrival time slot will be agreed when you place your order, this can be changed up to 48 hours prior to the appointment date. The installation typically takes 1-2 hours. If the appointment is missed due to the engineer being unable to get access to your property you may be charged.Billing is in advance and by Direct Debit. No mid-contract price rises for broadband charges. Any boosts, extras or other one-off charges are separate.£4.95 Postage and Packaging.Offer is available to new customers and existing customers upgrading to Fibre 250. Customers need to be active for at least 30 days on a Plan before taking up a new offer. If you’re still within the minimum term of your old contract and you cancel your Plan during your cooling off period, you’ll be put back onto the equivalent of your previous package and contract term.Subject to availability.For full terms & conditions please visit talktalk.co.uk/legal & for prices and rates visit talktalk.co.uk/pricing. Registered in England: Company number 4633015.Fast BroadbandLatest offer for the entire minimum term of your contract (£22.95 per month for 24 month contract, £30 per month for 24 month contract, £30 per month for 12 month contract) £30 per month thereafter. The monthly price of Fast broadband will increase by £2 from April 2021. The price will then rise in April each year by the rate of inflation plus 3.7%, from 2022. £9.95 Postage and Packaging required for equipment delivery. This plan has broadband with average speeds of 11Mb/s. Average speeds are based on the download speeds of at least 50% of our customer base at peak time (8pm-10pm). Speeds will vary depending on a number of different factors. Your exact speed estimate will be given at point of sale.Fibre plus an Amazon Tech PackFibre Plus Amazon Tech Pack: Offers available on Fibre 35, 65,150, 250. Subject to availability. 18-month contract term. One off £4.95 equipment delivery fee. Once your minimum contracted term has finished, your monthly cost will increase each April, every year, in line with Consumer Price Index rate of inflation. Fixed Price Plus and Supersafe Security Boost included free for the length of the 18-month contract. Supersafe boost £4 per month thereafter. Fixed Price Plus £4 per month thereafter. Offer ends 08/09/2021.Existing customers Fibre Plus Amazon Tech Pack: Offer is available to customers upgrading to Fibre 35, 65,150 or 250. Customers need to be active for at least 30 days on a TalkTalk plan before taking up a new offer. If you are still within the minimum term of your old contract and you cancel your plan during your cooling off period, you’ll be put back onto the equivalent of your previous package and contract term.  Amazon Tech Pack: ‘Amazon Echo Dot (4th Gen) and Amazon Smart Plug’ devices offered free of charge in the way of a voucher code and redeemable via www.amazon.co.uk. Unique code will be sent to customers via email 37 days after the new contract goes live, and customers will have 3 months to redeem the code or the code will become void. When paying for an order with a promotional code on amazon.co.uk, you will have to add the relevant item to your Shopping Basket and complete your order via checkout. You cannot use Amazon 1-Click ordering method to apply a promotional claim code. If you place an order using a promotional code on amazon.co.uk and then return or cancel that order, the promotional code cannot be refunded or re-used. Each customer can claim up to a maximum of one offer. The offer may not be used on pre-existing orders or in conjunction with any other offer. It is subject to availability and may be withdrawn or amended without notice. The offer has no cash alternative. Postage and packing will be applied to each item in accordance with Amazon’s standard delivery rates and policies. Amazon.co.uk Conditions of Use & Sale apply to your purchase on Amazon.co.uk. All terms found here apply to your purchase and use of Echo Dot (4th Gen). Amazon, Kindle, Echo, Alexa, Dash, Fire and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. Amazon is not a sponsor of this promotion.NOWNOW: 18+. UK only. NOW account required, set up with debit/credit card (Visa, Amex or Mastercard accepted). Content streamed via broadband/3G/4G (charge may apply) (min. speed 2.5Mbps). Register up to six compatible devices. Of the six you register, only one device can be used at any one time unless you have purchased NOW Boost in which case you will be able to use three devices at once. Chromecast counts as two devices. Some content unavailable on some devices, see nowtv.com. Ongoing monthly prices and channels subject to change. Some of our shows aren’t available live or on catch up. Head to nowtv.com/slating to see what shows you can watch live. Shows are available on catch up for at least 7 days from date first shown. Ongoing monthly prices and channels subject to change. Offers not available to existing customers currently billed by a third party such as Vodafone / Apple / BT or NOW Combo customers. Further terms apply. For more information on NOW visit our FAQs page. Discounts below available to new NOW customers signing up via TalkTalk. Passes much be redeemed by 1st August 2021, after which is void.  £5 off NOW Entertainment Membership: Offer ends 28/02/2022. You pay £4.99pm for 12 months of a NOW Entertainment Membership instead of the usual selling price of £9.99pm. Membership must be redeemed by 28/02/2022, after which is void. 1 use per membership. New NOW customers only. Available to new NOW customers signing up via TalkTalk. Membership automatically renews, unless cancelled (currently NOW Entertainment Membership is £9.99 a month).£5 off NOW Cinema Membership: Offer ends 28/02/2022. You pay £4.99pm for 12 months of a NOW Cinema Membership instead of the usual selling price of £9.99pm. Membership must be redeemed by 28/02/2022, after which it is void. 1 use per membership. New NOW customers only. Available to new NOW customers signing up via TalkTalk. Membership automatically renews, unless cancelled (currently NOW Cinema Membership is £9.99 a month).41% OFF Sky Sports Month Membership: You pay £20pm for 12 months of the NOW Sky Sports Month Pass instead of the usual selling price of £33.99pm. Auto-renews after 12 months at £33.99pm unless cancelled. Cancel anytime. Red button and interactive services aren’t available. Live scheduling may be subject to change. You can only have one Sky Sports Membership in your account at a time.NOW Boost Membership: Enjoy HD and Dolby 5.1 surround sound on up to 3 devices at the same time. Requires compatible device and 1080p HD TV (or higher). Limited On Demand content available on HD. Boost is not compatible with Hayu. Only Sky Sports Main Event and Premier League channels available with Sports Pass in 50fps. Requires minimum broadband speed of 12Mb/s and NOW Membership. Auto-renews if you have an active Membership until cancelled. Active surround sound by changing device settings. Membership not available to some Combo and NOW Broadband customers – see help.nowtv.com/boost for more detailsTalkTalk TVTalkTalk TV is available to TalkTalk broadband customers (excluding FTTP). Monthly access fee for TalkTalk TV subscription is £4. Minimum TalkTalk TV commitment is 30 days and can be cancelled with 48 hours notice any time thereafter (broadband contract length still applies and cannot be cancelled mid contract). If TV subscription is cancelled part way through a billing cycle, a credit for the remaining part of the month will be applied in the next cycle.Features pause and rewind (for up to 30 minutes), access to over 80 Freeview channels with 15 in HD and 7 day catch up. 7 day catch up available for certain channels only and not all programmes available on channels where catch up is available. TalkTalk TV provides access to on demand content and certain subscription services (separate subscriptions may be applicable directly with the service provider). Available platforms include; Netflix, NOW, Amazon Prime Video, Britbox, BBC Sounds, UKTV Play, STV, ITV Hub, BBC iPlayer, All 4, My5, S4C, Milkshake and Pop Player. These are accurate as of 13/07/2021 but subject to change. Minimum connection speed of 7Mb/s required. Please visit the Freeview coverage checker for expected channel availability.You need to connect your TalkTalk TV Box to the internet and your TV aerial.TalkTalk TV BoxOne off TalkTalk box fee £25. £9.95 P&P charge for new customers (includes router postage). Free postage for existing customers. You need to connect your TalkTalk TV Box to the internet and your TV aerial.TalkTalk TV Multi-roomNo additional monthly charge. Customers will need to purchase an additional TV Box (one-off cost of £25).Multi-room TV subscription requires a mandatory engineer install (£25) to activate your multi-room Box and a Power Line Adaptor which will be provided during installation.Aerial connection and internet connection is required (ethernet cable from router to STB, or Power Line Adaptors if the STB is more than 3m from router).Where ethernet is not available, Power Line Adaptors will be provided at no additional cost.  SupersafeAward-winning online securityThe anti-virus technology that is used in our SuperSafe boost, powered by F-Secure has consistently been awarded the Best Protection award by AV-Test, a leading independent organisation, for six out of the last eight years – more than any other company.  Monthly Boost charges are additional to your Plan and are subject to change. All Boosts have minimum duration of 1 month. Once added, you'll continue to receive the Boost until you opt-out or your broadband service ends (we need 48 hours' notice to terminate). We'll have the Boost activated as soon as possible but will confirm when it goes live with an activation email. Boosts are billed in advance.International Max Calling Boost  1000 inclusive anytime minutes to 50 international destinations plus the Channel Islands. Applies to calls made to standard price landline and mobile numbers, and excludes calls to international premium satellite calls and non-geographic numbers. Click here for list of destinations the Boost applies to. If you go over your allowance you'll be charged at a discounted rate. All non-inclusive international landline and mobile calls will be charged at a discounted rate with a per call connection fee applies.Unlimited UK Calling Boost  Unlimited calls to UK landline numbers starting 01, 02, 03, and standard UK mobile numbers only (excluding 070 and 076). Excludes calls to the Channel Islands, dial-up internet, indirect access, premium mobile services & all other numbers. The maximum call time is 60 minutes per call.Wi-Fi Hub EntitlementWi-Fi Hub Entitlement  The TalkTalk Wi-Fi Hub Black is included with all Fibre 35 and 65 plans and is limited to one per household.  Available on Fibre 150 data only and Fibre 500 data only plans only. Eligibility for TalkTalk plans with Amazon eero depends on location. For the small number of properties outside eligible locations, customers will receive TalkTalk’s award-winning Wi-Fi Hub. Location will be confirmed by sales agents at point of sale. One eero included with your package, though supplementary eeros can be purchased by contacting TalkTalk. The eero device is restricted use and can only be used on the TalkTalk broadband network and with TalkTalk eero enabled packages (currently Fibre 150 and 500 data-only), otherwise they may be deactivated. A compatible mobile phone is required to use the eero app and install your eero device and will be confirmed at point of sale. You will need to agree to Amazon eero Terms and Conditions and read their Privacy Policy.  Pricing InformationFor full terms & conditions please visit talktalk.co.uk/legalSpeed InformationImportant information about your speed estimate:  We've signed up to Ofcom's broadband speeds voluntary code of practice and we'll always give you the fastest speed your line can handle for the product you have selected.  As of November 2020, if a customer has an existing FTTC or G.Fast service and enters their full address or telephone number to check broadband availability, the actual speed of their current Broadband service will be used to determine the speed estimates that we give to our customers.  A series of calculations will be made on the current line speed to determine the speed range & Minimum Speed Guarantee. For more information please visit Ofcom's website.For customers using a postcode to check broadband speed, or who are currently without an FTTC or G.fast service, we will continue to use speed estimates from Openreach. These estimates are based on the performance of similar premises across the country.  We'll do everything we can to give you a great experience online but the speed you get is likely to be affected by things outside of our control like the distance your home is from the cabinet and the telephone exchange, the specification of your computer and the condition of the wiring in your home. You may also notice a drop in your speeds during peak times in the evening and at weekends when more people are using the internet.How we calculate our speed estimatesTalkTalk conforms to the testing principles set out in Annex 5 of the Better Broadband Speeds Voluntary Code of Practice.Within the majority of the latest generation Wi-Fi Hubs that we provide to our customers we include TruSpeed© measurement software provided by our partner ASSIA. From this estate we have 10,000 lines that form a dedicated set of panellists that we use for measuring our network performance.The test panel is spread over different broadband technologies and throughout the TalkTalk network covering over 750 telephone exchanges areas. Speed tests are run throughout the day, with each of the panellists’ Wi-Fi Hubs running tests every 2 hours against a speedtest server. The server is located outside of the TalkTalk network so that it isn’t subject to any favourable traffic handling. Speedtests use no more than 3 TCP threads and we avoid running tests in the presence of end user background traffic.The sync rates of the panellists’ lines are recorded every time a test is run, and we compare the throughput result (actual speed) to the sync rate to calculate the percentage speed loss, if any, due to congestion. We particularly look at the speed results during peak hours (8-10pm) when our network is at its busiest. We take these speed results into account when quoting estimated broadband speeds for new customers and customers that are re-contracting.For some higher speed services we also supplement our testing using SamKnow’s Whitebox’s installed in volunteers’ premises to ensure accurate measurements.Monthly AllowanceThere is a monthly billing allowance on all TalkTalk packages. If you go over your allowance you will be barred from making outgoing calls from your TalkTalk landline (excluding calls to the emergency services) and you will be unable to select on-demand TV services. You will still need to pay for all charges in excess of your allowance limit. Please check My Account for further details.Fibre SpeedsUnlimited Fibre 35 Broadband - On average 3x faster  Compared to TalkTalk’s average download speed on Fast Broadband. TalkTalk’s average download speeds are based on the download speeds of at least 50% of our customer base at peak time  (8pm to 10pm). Speeds will vary depending on a number of different factors. You can check the estimated speed to your property prior to purchasing.Unlimited Fibre 65 - On average over 6x faster  Compared to TalkTalk’s average download speed on Fast Broadband. TalkTalk’s average download speeds are based on the download speeds of at least 50% of our customer base at peak time  (8pm to 10pm). Speeds will vary depending on a number of different factors. You can check the estimated speed to your property prior to purchasing.Your DetailsWe may contact you about our product and services. If you do not wish your details to be used for this purpose, please write to us at; The Data Protection Officer, TalkTalk, Soapworks, Colgate Lane, Salford, M5 3TT,  stating your full name, address, account number and mobile phone number.30 Day Great Connection GuaranteeYou can cancel your Faster Fibre contract within 30 days of your line being connected provided that you cancel by calling 0345 172 0088.You will be charged for the period prior to your cancellation, including any set up or delivery charges. This does not affect your cooling off period. Offer does not apply to existing customers.Business Help Mail My Account Speed Check Accessibility|Corporate Site|Complaints|Legal|Privacy Policy|Terms & Conditions|Sitemap|© TalkTalk 2021