Read Our Privacy Policy | Privacy Centre | EE  Check coverage and network status  Back to My EE menu  Back to My EE menu  Got a phone, tablet or 4GEE WiFi device? Add it to My EE and manage everything in one place.  Back to My EE menu  Got home broadband? Add it to My EE and manage everything in one place.  Billing, Usage & Top Up  Managing and using my account  Billing, Usage & Top Up  Calling abroad from the UK  Managing and using my account  5G - what you need to know  I’m a sole trader, limited or public sector business with up to 100 employees  I'm a business with more than 100 employees  Cookies from EE and our partners can help our site work better for you by remembering your settings, improving social media features and personalising offers. Choose the type of cookies you're happy for us to use (you can change them anytime), or just accept.  Cookies help our website work better for you  Certain types of cookie are essential to use our site. You can choose to disable some types of cookie, but this may reduce the services we can offer you.  These cookies let you use essential features like secure areas, shopping baskets and online billing. They also collect information about how you use our website such as which pages you visit, and any errors you might experience.  They DO NOT gather any information about you that could be used for marketing or remember where you've been on the internet.  Cookies that help provide services and remember settings to improve your visit.  Keeping these switched on means we can improve the support we give you when you're using our site.  Cookies linked to services provided by us and our partners, such as 'Like' and 'Share' buttons. Our partners provide these services in return for recognising that you've visited our website.  Keeping these switched on means we can offer you all the services available on our site and tailor the offers we and our partners share with you.  CHOOSE WHICH TYPE OF BUSINESS YOU ARE:  I’m a sole trader, limited or public sector business with up to 100 employees  I'm a business with more than 100 employees  I’m a sole trader, limited or public sector business with up to 100 employees  I'm a business with more than 100 employees  Check coverage and network status  Got a phone, tablet or 4GEE WiFi device? Add it to My EE and manage everything in one place.  Got home broadband? Add it to My EE and manage everything in one place.  Billing, Usage & Top Up  Calling abroad from the UK  Managing and using my account  5G - what you need to know  I’m a sole trader, limited or public sector business with up to 100 employees  I'm a business with more than 100 employees  Check coverage and network status  Your privacy is important to us  When you use EE, you trust us with your information – and that’s a responsibility we take very seriously. Our privacy policy spells out exactly what data we collect and how we use it.  Read our full privacy policy  Your privacy with EE in a nutshell  A quick summary of how we use your data to protect your privacy.  Read our policy in a nutshell  Find out more about how we use cookies and change your preferences.  Fine-tune what you want to hear from us and how (text, email), and what you don’t.  More about ways to stay safe online  Parenting in the digital world is tough. That’s why we launched the Online Safety partnership with Internet Matters.  Get involved in the EE Community  Join our forum to discuss tips and tricks to keep you safe and your information secure on the web  Go to the EE community  EE Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority for the provision of consumer credit. 