At the core of Ring, and guiding every action we take, is respect for the privacy and security of our neighbours (which is what we call our customers). This includes giving our neighbours effective, easy-to-use, affordable products and services to help protect their homes. It also means taking extremely seriously the privacy, security, and control of their devices and personal information. Below you will find Ring’s guiding pillars.  Privacy and security built in.  From the initial idea to the final product, privacy and security are at the core of every decision we make at Ring.  Ring gives customers the control over who’s able to see and access their videos, devices, and personal information.  We’re committed to being transparent about our privacy and security practices.  Ring encrypts your videos at rest and in transit by default. Please see the Video Encryption page in Control Centre for more information.  This additional, advanced encryption option gives you even more control over who can view your videos. Learn more.  With a Ring Protect plan, your videos are securely stored in the cloud and can be deleted at any time. Your videos will be permanently deleted from our servers according to the storage period in your plan​. Learn more.  This mandatory second layer of verification helps prevent unauthorised access to your Ring account. Learn more.  You can remove any shared user at any time. Learn more.  You will receive an email notification any time a new device logs into your Ring account. Learn more.  We take steps to monitor and block any identified potentially unauthorised login attempts into your Ring account.  Control Centre allows you to view and control important privacy and security settings from one dashboard in the Ring app. Learn more.  See all devices (phones, tablets, computers) that are logged into your Ring account. Click “Remove all” to force devices to log out.  View and manage the services you authorised to link to your Ring account via Ring authentication, like Alexa, and IFTTT. You can remove any individual service, at any time  Keeping all your online accounts safe.  Two-step verification adds an extra layer of security to your accounts that offer this feature, helping prevent unauthorised access, even if someone has access to your account password. Learn more.  Add a PIN to your mobile phone account.  Adding a PIN to your mobile account adds an extra layer of security that helps prevent attackers from taking over your mobile phone account. You can add a PIN from the account security section of your mobile carrier’s website, or by calling your carrier’s customer support.  Create unique passwords for your various online accounts. Do not reuse your username and passwords  New features and security updates are constantly being added to your devices and apps, including your Ring app. So make sure you stay up to date with the latest security updates.  Watch out for phishing scams.  Phishing is when a bad actor attempts to trick you with a fake email or text that claims to be legitimate, in order to gain access to your login credentials.  Password managers are available as standalone apps, and are also available as extensions to popular browsers like Safari or Chrome.  When does Ring record or store my videos?  If you do not have a Ring Protect Plan, Ring does not record or store your videos, but you can still view your device's live video stream (Live View).If you do have a Ring Protect Plan (including a free trial), Ring records and stores videos when motion is detected by your device (including devices linked to cameras such as an alarm system’s motion detector), the video doorbell button is pressed, or you initiate Live View. Video recordings in your account are automatically deleted following the expiration of your account’s applicable storage period under the Ring Protect Plan. For additional information regarding Ring’s video storage periods, see here.  What about videos I’ve created a share link for?  When you create a share link for one of your Ring videos, a copy of that video is made in the cloud to facilitate sharing. You can manage your shared videos in the Shared Video Management feature in Control Centre within the Ring App and Ring.com. There, you can unshare videos, which deletes the shared copies and makes the videos inaccessible to people with whom you previously shared those links. The original videos in your Ring account, however, are not deleted until you delete them in the Ring App or Ring.com, or they reach the expiration of your Ring Protect Plan’s applicable storage period.  How can I access and delete my video recordings?  If you have a Ring Protect plan (including a free trial), you can access your stored recordings, download them, manually delete them one by one, or delete them all at once in the Ring app or on Ring.com. Stored recordings are automatically deleted following the expiration of your Ring Protect plan’s applicable storage period. For additional information regarding Ring’s video storage periods, see here.  How secure are my video recordings?  We have taken measures to help secure Ring devices from unauthorised access. These measures include restricting installation of third-party applications on the device, rigorous security reviews, software security development requirements, and encryption of communication between Ring devices with services, such as AWS cloud storage services. Ring secures video recordings in transit and stores them on secure AWS servers. We use a combination of AES encryption (Advanced Encryption Standard) and TLS (Transport Layer Security) to secure data between Ring devices and AWS, and we encrypt data between Ring devices using AES encryption, TLS and SRTP (Secure Real Time Protocol).  Who can view my video recordings?  You are always in control of who you grant video access to. By using the Shared Users function, you can add users to your account, who will then be able to view and download video recordings on the account. You can also share video recordings via text or email by creating a share link to the recording. After a share link has been created, the video recording may be viewed and downloaded by anyone with the share link ID. Additionally, you can make your videos publicly available by posting them on the Internet (including by posting them to the public social media app, Neighbors* by Ring).  Why should I add Shared Users?  The Shared Users function allows you to share device access with family, housemates, and others, without sharing your login credentials. Shared Users can answer and receive alerts, view video recordings, and modify their personal alert settings, but they cannot delete videos, delete devices, or change device settings.For help adding someone as a Shared User, please click here.  If I request Ring’s assistance with troubleshooting my device or video recordings, will Ring view my video recordings?  If you are having issues with your device or video recordings, you can request assistance from Ring community support agents. Depending on the issue, they may request permission from you to view your video recordings in connection with troubleshooting the issues. You choose whether to provide Ring with limited, short-term access to view your video recordings, solely to troubleshoot the issues. These video recordings are not viewed, shared, or used by Ring for any other purpose.  Does Ring view recordings for research and development?  A small number of video recordings are viewed by our research and development team to improve Ring’s products, services and technology. These video recordings are either from customers who have made them publicly available (by posting them on the Neighbors* App or otherwise on the Internet), or from customers, team members and their friends and family who have given us explicit permission to use them for this purpose (which they may revoke at any time).  Does Ring give law enforcement agencies direct access to a user’s personal information?  No, Ring does not provide law enforcement agencies with direct access, or any sort of “back door access”, to a user’s personal information, including videos. Before sharing user information (including videos) in response to legal requests, Ring requires that law enforcement agencies send a written request for personal information (e.g., subpoenas, search warrants or court orders) to Ring directly. For additional information, see our law enforcement guidelines.  If I use the Neighbors* App, does that give Ring team members the right to view all of my video recordings?  No. Ring team members, similar to other members of the general public, can only view the video recordings that you have elected to make publicly available by posting them on the Neighbors* App (or otherwise on the Internet).  Can Ring team members activate and view my live stream?  No. Ring team members cannot activate and view live streams from your Ring device.  Does Ring sell customer information to third parties?  Take a more detailed look at our privacy notice by clicking here.  Access to or Deletion of Personal Information  You may exercise your rights to request information about the collection of your personal information by Ring, access to, or deletion of your personal information. If you wish to do so, please visit here or contact Customer Service. Depending on your choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.  If you’d like to opt-out of marketing and other non-transactional communications from Ring, email unsubscribe@ring.com or click the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of an email you've received from Ring. You will not be able to opt out of important or transactional communications from us, for example, billing confirmations and reminders, device updates, security-related communications, and service announcements. See our Privacy Notice for more information.  If you have any questions or concerns, please email us at privacy@ring.com  View our cookie policy by clicking here.  *The Neighbors App is currently available in the US only.  Created by Jonyfrom the Noun Project  Your cart is currently empty.  Shipping & taxes calculated at checkout  By clicking Check out, I agree to the Ring Terms of Service.See Privacy for additional information.  Hi there, chat is available Monday - Sunday 7AM - 7PM BST.  Hi there, chat is available Monday - Sunday 7AM - 7PM BST.  We use essential cookies that are necessary to browse the website and use its functions. We also use non-essential cookies to enhance the user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on the website. To set these non-essential cookies on your device, please click “Accept” or “Manage Cookies.”Manage CookiesAccept