Home - Global Justice Now Global Justice Now  Act locallySupport our workTake action online  Support us with a donation or a membership subscription today and help us fight social and economic injustice around the globe.  At Global Justice Now we’re proud to be outspoken. We take on issues that others are afraid to touch and we don’t make compromises.  Support us with a donation and help us fight social and economic injustice around the globe.  £10 could help win tough government regulation that puts people before profit  £25 could help spread the word and build public pressure against corporate greed  £50 could help build a vibrant grassroots movement across the world standing up to justice  At Global Justice Now we’re proud to be outspoken. We take on issues that others are afraid to touch and we don’t make compromises.  Become a member for just £3 per month and help us fight social and economic injustice around the globe.  £3 will help to win tough government regulation that puts people before profit  £5 will help spread the word and build public pressure against corporate greed  £20 will help build a vibrant grassroots movement across the world standing up to injustice  By making a monthly donation...  At Global Justice Now we’re proud to be outspoken. We take on issues that others are afraid to touch and we don’t make compromises.  Become a member for 1 year for just £36 and help us fight social and economic injustice around the globe.  £36 will help to win tough government regulation that puts people before profit  £50 will help spread the word and build public pressure against corporate greed  £70 will help build a vibrant grassroots movement across the world standing up to injustice  By making an annual donation...  Call us for free on 0800 328 2153 Monday-Thursday 9.30am-1pm or send a cheque payable to ‘Global Justice Now’ to ‘Global Justice Now, 66 Offley Road, London, SW9 0LS’. If you have any questions please email supporterservices@globaljustice.org.uk.  About usNewsBlogsGroupsEventsResourcesJobs and volunteeringMedia office  Stop corporate courts threatening the climateTake action  Drop the patents, save livesCall on Big Pharma to lift the patents on Covid-19 vaccines and treatments, and share the know-how openly and freelySign the petition  Tell Boris Johnson to stop hijacking the aid budgetSign the petition  Tell big banks to cancel the debtAfrican countries are spending three times more on debt repayments to banks and speculators than it would cost to vaccinate the entire continent against Covid-19.Take action  We are a democratic social justice organisation working as part of a global movement to challenge the powerful and create a more just and equal world. We mobilise people in the UK for change, and act in solidarity with those fighting injustice, particularly in the global south.  “It’s the global economy, stupid”: Campaigners react to IPCC climate report9 August 2021Responding to the IPCC climate report, Global Justice Now says, “We need a radical economic overhaul to rapidly drive down emissions far sooner than 2050.”  MPs who backed aid cuts have ‘blood on their hands’, campaigners say20 July 2021Responding to the government’s victory on the aid cuts vote by 333 votes to 298, Daniel Willis, policy and campaigns manager at Global Justice Now, said: “When the inevitable death […]  Freedom day: UK “shooting ourselves in the foot” by upholding vaccine patents19 July 2021Just 1% of people in low-income countries have received a Covid-19 vaccine, risking virus mutations that could lead to further lockdowns Campaigners and scientists have warned that upholding intellectual property […]  NHS at 73: Government’s global vaccination obstruction an “assault” on NHS founding principles5 July 2021Vaccine equity campaigners have accused the government of “rejecting the values that make our NHS great” by “obstructing” efforts to vaccinate on the world on the 73rd anniversary of the […]  CPTPP would be “environmental vandalism” in year of COP26, campaigners warn22 June 2021Trade and environmental campaigners have warned that ministers are “on a mission to drive down standards and hand over power to transnational corporations”, as the UK begins talks to join […]  G7 REACTION: Summit proves G7 “not fit for purpose”, campaigners say13 June 2021Global Justice Now says leaders have “utterly failed to face up to the challenges facing the world” Group beams “break vaccine monopolies” onto Cornish cliffside Full resolution images (credit Jess […]  G7 vaccine donations will cover just 11% of world’s unvaccinated population11 June 2021UK’s 100 million donated doses only enough for 1% of world’s unvaccinated population Intellectual property rules must be cleared away to really vaccinate the world, says Global Justice Now Vaccine […]  Scottish Parliament must not be spectators to deadly vaccine apartheid, charities say ahead of G7 meeting10 June 2021The Scottish Parliament must urgently signal its strong support for the ending of pharmaceutical monopolies which are artificially limiting vaccine supply to low income countries, a coalition of Scottish charities […]  Scottish farmers and environmental targets could be ‘sacrificial lambs’ in Australia trade deal22 May 2021The UK government could “throw agriculture and the environment under the bus” in an Australian trade deal, campaigners have warned. Global Justice Now, which campaigns on trade rules, has warned […]  12 August 2021Jane HerbstrittBanks in Scotland must cancel Zambia’s debtImagine your country was in such dire financial straits that instead of funding vital healthcare and vaccines for you and fellow citizens during this pandemic, your government was forced to […]  23 July 2021Dorothy Grace Guerrero100 days before COP26: We need to see transformative solutions this November100 days from now, the central point of climate politics will be Glasgow as the UK hosts the 26th Conference of Parties or COP26 under the UN Framework Convention on […]  14 July 2021Jonathan Stevenson‘Blood is on their hands’ – how your MP voted on £4bn aid cutsLast night MPs voted by 333 votes to 298 to approve the government’s cuts of around £4 billion per year to the UK aid budget for the foreseeable future. It […]  29 June 2021Joanna Ewart-JamesRemembering long-standing global justice activist John StrangeThe Southeast London group of Global Justice Now this month lost founding member John, to a heart attack. He was enduring treatment for cancer but remained active in the group […]  26 June 2021Jean BlaylockDon’t let fossil fuel companies block climate actionWhen the world’s governments meet in Glasgow in November to discuss the climate crisis, the threat of legal action from big polluters in ‘corporate courts’ will lurk in the shadows. […]  15 June 2021Jean BlaylockFive problems the UK-Australia trade deal poses for the climateHow we grow, transport and buy and sell food is one of the key things for restoring our climate as well as for tackling inequality and creating a fairer society. […]  10 June 2021Dorothy Grace GuerreroThe G7 summit 2021: Will this alliance of the rich and new allies solve our current crises?The heads of states of the Group of 7 (G7), which includes the UK, USA, Canada, Japan, Germany, France and Italy, will have its annual summit this year at Carbis […]  13 May 2021Global Justice NowAstraZeneca: We demand a People’s VaccineAs AstraZeneca held its annual shareholder meeting on Tuesday, our youth network launched protests outside the company’s head office in Cambridge, its second largest UK site in Macclesfield and outside […]  10 May 2021Joe Karp-SaweyLetter to the Prime Minister calling for the UK to support an intellectual property waiver on Covid-19 vaccines and treatmentsGlobal Justice Now, STOPAIDS, and Just Treatment organised a letter from more than 400 academics, public health experts, civil society organisations, parliamentarians, unions, healthcare workers, and patients. The full text […]  Activist Assembly: End Vaccine Apartheid  Join us for a day of learning and organising to end the global vaccine apartheid!  Day of action: Corporate Courts vs The Climate  Corporate courts are an obstacle to a clean energy transition and to achieving climate justice. Join us on Saturday 18 September for a day of action to help expose the […]  Connect with us...Contact usMedia officePrivacy policyJobs and volunteering  Global Justice Now: company no 2098198Global Justice Now Trust: registered charity no 1064066, company no 3188734  We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy