Privacy Policy - Team Liquid  The Team Liquid websites (the “Properties”), which includes any Team Liquid website, website application(s) and mobile application, are operated by Liquid Enterprises, B.V. and all sister, parent, and subsidiary entities (“Liquid”). Throughout the Properties, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Liquid. Liquid offers these Properties, including all information, tools and services available from these Properties to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.  By visiting our Properties and/or purchasing something from us or using the features offered on these Properties, you engage in our Services (as defined below), including but not limited to, emails, newsletters, chat areas, forums, communities, discord communications, other communications, sweepstakes, and contests (the “Services”). This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected by Liquid about you, regardless of how it is collected or stored, and describes, among other things, the types of information collected about you when you interact with the Services, how your information may be used, when your information may be disclosed, how you can control the use and disclosure of your information, and how your information is protected.  Liquid will collect both personal information, and non-personal information (collectively, the “Information”) and act as the data controller regarding your personal information.  This Privacy Policy covers the Properties, which includes the following Liquid websites, web applications, and mobile applications:  1. Summary and Scope of Liquid Privacy Policy  This Privacy Policy applies to all Properties.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to third party websites, applications or online properties to which our Properties may link (e.g., Discord, Twitch), or which may connect to the Properties (e.g., Twitter, Twitch) and you accept Liquid is not responsible for the security or privacy practices of any such third-party websites or properties.  2. Information We Collect and How We Use It  Liquid collects Information about you from you and other sources. As set out below in more detail, we use and in specific cases combine that Information to operate, tailor content, personalize, adjust and improve our Properties, to provide you with various benefits, and to send you messages or personalized information about our services, including for marketing and promotional purposes.  As set out in more detail in the following, Liquid may collect Information from you when you: (A) Register for Liquid websites and services, (B) use our Properties; (C) connect certain accounts to the Properties; and (D) choose to receive communications on benefits, products and services and/or receive marketing emails.  A. Use of Our Properties  When you visit or use our Properties we collect, process and/or combine Information about your use of those Properties, such as, but not limited to, your name, email address, photos, gender, birthday, location, an ID associated with the applicable third party platform or social networking account user files like photo and videos, your list of friends, people you follow, and similar related Information. We use Cookies and/or similar technologies (collectively referred to as “Cookies”) and services to do this. In addition, we or our partners also use Cookies to serve ads in our Properties. Please see our Cookie Policy below for more details.  B. Receive Newsletters on Products and Services and/or Receive Marketing Emails  Liquid may offer you the ability to receive newsletters or marketing periodically by email about our products and services, and the products and services of Liquid affiliates You can stop receiving further newsletters or marketing emails by unsubscribing from the link in the footer of each email we send to you.  C. Use of Your Information.  Liquid may use your Information for the following purposes:  For the purposes for which you provided it;  To send you information about your relationship or transactions with us;  To send you alerts or other communications via SMS messages or other media or networks;  To notify you about new features and offerings, including, but not limited to, discounts, events, products, other services, and/or special offers;  To administer sweepstakes and contests;  To process and respond to your inquiries;  To contact you with information that we believe may be of interest to you;  For internal research and reporting;  To improve the content and features of the Properties;  To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you see on the Properties;  To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Properties;  To administer and troubleshoot the Properties; and  To share your information with reputable third parties who may provide you with information about their products and/or services that may be of interest to you.  Information Provided by Other Sources  We may also obtain Information about you from other sources. We only collect Information from other sources where they have confirmed to us they are legally entitled to share it with us, or you have authorized us to do so.  We use Cookies to provide and support our Properties and each of the uses outlined and described above. Please see our Cookie Policy below for more information.  Children under 13 are prohibited from participating in Liquid websites and/or services. Liquid does not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under 13 in the US or under the relevant age threshold in other jurisdictions where the child is located. However, we may collect technical information required for delivering the service and for the support of our internal operations from all users of our Properties. If parents/guardians believe that we have unintentionally collected their children’s other personal information or otherwise used their children’s personal information for another purpose, they may reach out to us via the Contacting Us section below. Parents/guardians should contact Liquid immediately if they have any concerns. Please see the Contacting Us section below for further details.  You have choices over the Information provided by you and by other sources, and how that Information is used by Liquid. You can exercise your choices by (i) changing your personal profile, if applicable, (ii) unsubscribing from any email newsletter, or messaging system, (ii) deleting your account, or (iv) as applicable, following the procedure described in the Contacting Us section below. Unless you direct us not to, we may share your information with reputable third parties so that they may contact you to offer products, services and promotions, such as sweepstakes and contests, that you may find valuable.  Your Choices About Information Provided by You  If you do not want to provide Liquid with personal information, then you can choose not to provide it. Please note that if you choose not to provide us with personal information, we may not always be able to provide you with the relevant benefits, services, or product that you want. For example, without providing an email address, you will not be able to sign up for the Liquid newsletters.  Your Choices About Information Provided by Third Parties  You may be able to control how third parties collect and share your Information by changing your preferences or opting out of collection directly with those third parties. Before disclosing Information to third parties, we recommend you check their respective privacy policies for further details.  Your Choices About Liquid Using Your Information  You can exercise choices over how Liquid uses your personal information and update your preferences at any time:  to remove yourself from receiving email marketing or newsletters from Liquid, simply click the unsubscribe link in the email;  to disable selected Cookies from collecting information relating to the effectiveness of advertising campaigns or analytics data and from serving you with personalized advertising on our Properties or third-party properties please see our Cookie Policy below.  If you opt-out of receiving email marketing communications from us, please note that we may still contact you occasionally to provide you with Liquid service-related information.  If you are a user located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see the Users in the EEA section below.  As set out below in more detail, Liquid shares Information:  with vendors, sponsors, and business partners, engaged by Liquid in order to provide you with goods or services you have requested or online advertising selected by us;  if required to do so by applicable law, regulation or legal process;  third parties who perform services on our behalf and for other legitimate business purposes;  if necessary to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights;  if necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of any person; and  in connection with the sale of our business or assets.  Please note that any information, including personal information that you reveal in a bulletin board, message board, chat room or other public forum is publicly viewable. When you post personal information publicly through the Properties, it may be viewable by other users of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the personal information by third parties.  Vendors provide goods and services (for example, billing, consumer services support, consultancy, information technology hardware and software) to Liquid in order to support, operate and develop the Properties and to deliver marketing communications on our behalf and provide benefits to users like you. Vendors use your Information to execute, deliver and/or from time to time improve the services they provide. We do not share Information with vendors to use for their own direct marketing purposes or any other purpose other than those set out in this Privacy Policy without your consent.  We will disclose your Information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you, us, or our affiliates to legal liability.  This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.  We will disclose your Information where necessary for the purpose of exercising, establishing or defending our legal rights. For example, we will review your communications and other Information in order to investigate allegations of hacking or any other breach or alleged breach of any applicable Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy and disclose your personal information, including communications, to our legal advisors, consultants and law enforcement or other government officials.  We disclose your Information to third parties where we believe this is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of any person. For example, we disclose Information relating to an online account if we in good faith believe the user of that account is using it in ways that are harmful to others (e.g. making inappropriate contact with minors).  Sale of Our Business or Assets  Separately, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, Liquid's customer information, including Information and communications, may be transferred to our successor or assign.  Liquid takes a range of security measures designed to protect your personal information and keep it confidential (unless it is non-confidential by nature, for example, publicly-available information). We also take steps to ensure that the personal information collected is protected from misuse and alteration. In addition, we request vendors who process personal information on our behalf to themselves take a range of security measures designed to help protect your personal information. However, the Internet by its nature is not a secure environment and the nature of security risks is constantly evolving, as are the technical and organizational industry standards relating to management of those risks. The complete security of any personal information collected, stored or used by us or our vendors cannot therefore be guaranteed.  7. Accessing Information and Retention Period  If for any reason you are concerned with the way we are using your personal information, or would like to correct, view, update or request that we delete such personal information, you can send your request to us using the Contacting Us section below.  We delete your personal information which we process for the performance of the contract or based on your consent in case you terminate your contract with us, withdraw your consent or where you request us to delete your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. As an exception, we will not delete your personal information where we still have a legitimate interest to use your personal information, to the extent permitted by law. For example, we may still retain your personal information to resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use or other user agreements, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose. In any case, we will not retain or use your personal information longer than necessary for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Due to technical reasons, residual copies of Information that has been removed from your account and/or the Properties may remain in our backup systems.  Please contact Liquid at the Contact Address set forth below if you would like to request any of the following:  That Liquid erase your personal information.  A copy of the personal information Liquid has about you.  That your personal information be corrected.  That restrictions be added in the way your data is processed.  To object to the way your data is being processed.  CONTACT ADDRESS: 2890 Colorado Ave, Santa Monica, CA 90404  For privacy related information applicable to users who are California residents or based outside the US please see below.  Please note your use of this Liquid website, product or service is also subject to the terms of the Liquid Terms of Use, available here.  For the avoidance of doubt, inclusion of (i) the section Users in the EEA, (ii) the section Disclosure to Users Outside the US and the EEA, and/or (iii) any reference to non-US residents, in this Privacy Policy in no way obligates Liquid to permit, or evidences Liquid permits, non-US residents to participate in Liquid.  10. Your California Privacy Rights  Since 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of the Properties who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share Liquid Property users’ personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, without the Liquid Property user’s approval.  If at any time you wish to opt out of having your personal information shared with third parties and/or receiving information from the Liquid (via e-mail or postal mail) about new products, services, or promotions, please contact us in accordance with the Contacting Us section above. We will be happy to honor your request.  California Privacy Rights for Minor Users  Since January 1, 2015, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you, if you are a California resident under the age of 18, to view, correct, or delete Information provided by you or publicly posted by you. You may do this by contacting us in accordance with the Contacting Us section above, and asking us to delete certain posted content.  We will be happy to review, update or remove Information and/or content as appropriate. Residual copies of Information and/or content that have been deleted may remain in our backup systems. We may still retain your Information to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose.  11. Users in the EEA  As set out in more detail below, we only process or transfer your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds and appropriate safeguards to do so. You also have additional rights regarding your personal information if you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).  Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Information  We only process your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds to do so. We process your personal information for the purposes set out below.  We process your personal information for the performance of our services, to provide or support of our products, or for any other feature you request or enable. This includes, for example, using your personal information to:  We process your personal information based on your consent. This includes, for example, providing:  newsletters and direct e-mails about our Properties; and  certain information to third parties as otherwise set forth herein.  We process your personal information where we have a legitimate interest to do so. This includes, for example, processing:  to provide you with requested customer service or technical support;  to debug and improve our current and future Properties;  in order to give you exclusive content, personalize your online experience with us and contact you in accordance with applicable marketing preferences; and  for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or whenever courts are acting in their judicial capacity.  We process your personal information for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.  Your Rights to Your Personal Information  You have the following rights in addition to your rights to view, correct, update, or request the deletion of your personal information as set out in detail in the Accessing Information section above. To access your personal information, you can also make a request by contacting Liquid according to process detailed in the Contacting Us section.  You may object to the processing of your personal information based on a legitimate interest on grounds relating to your particular situation. You may control the extent to which we market to you and you have the right to request that we stop sending you marketing messages at any time.  In certain circumstances, you can request that we transfer personal information that you have provided to us.  Where we rely on your consent in order to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw such consent to further use of your personal information at any time. You can use the methods described in the Accessing Information section above to update your marketing preferences.  For each of the rights described above, you can also send your request to us by using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section above.  We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your personal information. However, if you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities. You can bring the complaint in your member state of residence, place of work or where an alleged infringement of data protection law occurred.  Your personal information will be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate or other countries where our vendors maintain facilities or business operations. We use European Commission approved contract clauses to protect your personal information. If you have questions, please contact us using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section above.  12. Disclosure to Users Outside the US and the EEA  In addition, if you are a visitor to our websites or other online products and services from outside the U.S., the personal information you provide will be collected, processed and stored directly on, or transferred to, servers in the United States or other countries where Liquid or its affiliates, or our other partners or vendors maintain facilities or business operations.  No matter where the Information is located, Liquid takes commercially reasonable measures to safeguard your privacy rights in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the collection, processing, storage and transfer of your Information, please do not provide your Information when requested and stop using our websites and other online products and services.  Liquid uses cookies and/or similar technologies on the Properties (collectively referred to as "Cookies"). A "cookie" is a small bit of record-keeping information that many websites and other online products and services often store on a user's computer or device in order to identify it and associate activity with it.  When visiting the Properties you may have options to enable or disallow Cookies. We use Cookies to optimize your visit, make your browsing and/or user experience as effective as possible, and let you know about offers and features that we think will interest you. This means that if you disallow Cookies, your use of the Properties may be impaired.  Depending on the Property you are using, and the country you are based in, Cookies may be set on your computer or device by either:  Liquid - to recognize and associate activity with your computer or device when it visits a Property. Liquid Cookies cannot be used to recognize or associate activity with your computer or device when it visits other, third party websites or online properties.  Third Parties - to enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through our Properties or other online properties (e.g. advertising and analytics). The third parties that set these Cookies may be able to recognize your computer or device both when it visits the Properties or other online properties that use the third party's features and functionality.  There are four categories of Cookies (necessary, performance, functionality and advertising), as well as technologies that are similar to cookies, that may be served through our Properties. Cookies may also be set by third parties, including our affiliates, and their vendors and partners. To see a list of the specific Cookies that our Properties may contain, please see the Cookie List at the bottom of this Cookie Policy.  To learn more about your opt-out choices for cookies, please see the Managing Cookies section below. To learn more about your opt-out choices for technologies that are similar to cookies, please see the Similar Technologies section below.  These Cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around websites or online properties and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of a website.  These Cookies collect information about how visitors use a website or online property, for instance, which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These Cookies don't collect information about the actual identity (e.g., name) of a visitor. All information these Cookies collect is aggregated. They are only used to improve how a website or other online property works. We generally contract with third parties (such as Google Analytics), to provide these services on our behalf.  These Cookies allow the website or online property to remember choices you make (such as the language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personalized features. These Cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made related to accessibility (e.g. text size, fonts) and customization. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video. The information these Cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.  These Cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests. They also help limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations or advertisers.  Liquid may partner with third party online advertising and analytics companies to tailor and deliver advertisements, products, services, and promotions on Liquid Properties, as well as other online properties which we do not control. To help select the ads of greatest interest to you, these companies may use Cookies to collect and track information such as demographic data (e.g., gender, occupation, etc.), aggregated information, search keywords, geo-location, and device-related data (for example, browser type, language, IP address, Advertising ID, time/date) to select advertisements that are more relevant to your interests and to better personalize the experience for you. In some instances, third-parties may also use Cookies to collect anonymized or device-related information about your visits to Liquid Properties in order to monitor the effectiveness of the ads (e.g., by using analytics Cookies) and to provide third-party advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.  Liquid may use, combine and share anonymized or aggregated information obtained from Cookies with third parties such as vendors or advertising partners. For example, we may use information such as interests or preferences to group you with other people with similar interests or preferences and place you into a market segment. We may then display advertisements which we believe people in your market segment will find relevant. We may also share Information obtained from Cookies with third parties such as vendors or advertising networks in order to permit them to provide services on our behalf or to partner with us in selecting and serving advertisements for us or our advertising partners.  From time to time, we may use web beacons (or clear GIFs) on our websites or other online properties or include them in the email messages we send you. Web beacons (also known as "web bugs," "pixel tags," or "pixels") are small strings of code that provide a method of delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data. We use web beacons for many purposes, including site traffic reporting, unique visitor counts, advertising, email auditing and reporting, and personalization. For example, we may use these in emails to understand and analyze whether the email was opened or any links were clicked, in order to improve our future communications with you and other users. As a web beacon forms part of a webpage or email it does not have the same opt out options as other Cookies. Generally, you can render them ineffective by opting out of any cookies they set, by turning off images in your email service, or by viewing your emails as “text” rather than “HTML.” For more information on how to opt out of Cookies see the Managing Cookies section below, and for more information on how to turn off images in your emails or to view them as text see the “Help” section of your email service provider.  If you would like to find out more about Cookies you may find the following link useful: https://www.allaboutcookies.org/  You can review your options to manage Cookies by:  clicking on the opt out links provided in the Cookie List below;  opening the "Help" menu on the browser menu bar. Most browsers will tell you how you can disable or delete Cookies or set your browser to alert you when Cookies are being sent to your computer;  visiting your mobile device developer's website or reviewing your device manual. Most mobile device developers will tell you how you can manage the settings on your mobile device to opt out of and/or delete Cookies from your mobile device, or to limit the use of and/or opt out of targeted advertising; or  visiting http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ and/or http://optout.aboutads.info/, or if you are in the EU http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, for choices to opt out of advertising.  If you reject all Cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our websites and other products and services.  We may embed photos and/or video content on our Properties from third-party sources such as YouTube, and these sites may set their own Cookies. Similarly, our Properties may have buttons that enable you to share content on Social Media or other sites, and these services may set a Cookie on your device. This Cookie Policy does not apply to Cookies set by such features, and Liquid does not control these Cookies set by third parties. We encourage you to review the third-party privacy policy or cookie policy for more information about these Cookies and how to manage them.  By using the Properties you agree, and we will assume you consent, to receive Cookies unless you manage your cookie choices by one of the means set out above.  Please also note that the use of information obtained by third party providers listed in the Cookies List below through cookies placed by them is also subject to their own privacy policies. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party providers, as their privacy practices may vary from ours.