Privacy Explained | Customer Support | Lloyds Bank  Accessibility statement [Accesskey '0']Go to Accessibility statement  Skip to Content [Accesskey 'S']Skip to main content  Skip to site Navigation [Accesskey 'N']Go to Navigation  Go to Home page [Accesskey '1']Go to Home page  Go to Sitemap [Accesskey '2']Go to Sitemap  Products and servicescontains a sub menu  Current accountscontains a sub menu  Already have a current account with us?  Credit cardscontains a sub menu  Already have a credit card with us?  How to do a balance transfer  How to do a money transfer  Apply for a second credit card  What to do if your card is lost or stolen  Help with credit card debt  Savings accountscontains a sub menu  Already have a savings account with us?  2 Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA  Already have an ISA with us?  Renew your easy access cash ISA  What can you trade with us  Already have investments with us?  Log on to Share Dealing  Log on to Internet Banking  Understand our Share Dealing charges  Home insurancecontains a sub menu  Already got home insurance with us?  Other insurance products we offer  Wealth Managementcontains a sub menu  Already have a mortgage with us?  Switching to a new deal  Loan for buying a car  Already have a loan with us?  Need help buying a car?  Car financecontains a sub menu  Already have car finance with us?  Log on to your Car Finance account  Car Finance help and guidance  Already got insurance with us?  Manage your Home Insurance policy  Need to get in touch?  Travel servicescontains a sub menu  Sending money outside the UKcontains a sub menu  Log on to make a payment  Receiving a payment from outside the UK  Our guide for sending money outside the UK  Help and supportcontains a sub menu  Coronavirus help and supportcontains a sub menu  More ways to help manage your money  Customer supportcontains a sub menu  Appointing someone to manage your affairs  Supporting customers affected by cancer  Product supportcontains a sub menu  Protecting yourself from fraudcontains a sub menu  Money Managementcontains a sub menu  Money worriescontains a sub menu  By your sidecontains a sub menu  Get free training and support  Banking with uscontains a sub menu  In your communitycontains a sub menu  Banking onlinecontains a sub menu  Mobile Bankingcontains a sub menu  Extra security for online shopping  Changes to privacy laws give you more rights and greater protection.  On these pages, we highlight the key points and explain them in simple terms. To do that we've provided short articles that explain some of the issues that affect you, or may be a concern. You'll also find our full Privacy Notice, which includes details of how to contact us about the personal information we hold for you.  Your rights over personal information held by us  This privacy notice sets out how we protect your privacy as required by law. It explains in detail:  what personal information we have and how we get it  how we can and can't use it and  who we can share it with  Privacy issues and how they might affect you  This may seem a simple question, but personal information includes more than you might realise. Discover what the law says.  Data that identifies people as individuals  What personal information do we have?  You have the right to know what data we hold about you. Finding out is easier than you may think - and it's free of charge. See how to get a copy of your data.  Getting a copy of your data  Decisions we make using your data  Machines now make decisions that were once made by people, some with a direct effect on your finances. Learn more about your control over automated decisions.  Your control over automated decisions  What we do to protect your rights  If privacy rules are broken and your personal information is affected, we'll act immediately. Find out what has to happen if there's a breach of privacy laws.  Asking for your consent - a bigger say for customers  It's often difficult to know what you've consented to. Here we explain about the consents you give and the marketing you can expect to receive.  Marketing you get and consents you give  Data must not be kept longer than needed  Just because you have given a bank your personal information this doesn't mean the bank can hold it forever. Here we explain data retention rules and how your 'right to be forgotten' applies to banks.  Your 'right to be forgotten'  Read full details in our Privacy notice  This page tells you about some of the privacy topics that customers have told us are important. There are many more sides of the regulations and a lot more detail. We've set this out in full in our Privacy notice with straightforward explanations of what it means for you. To help you keep control of your own privacy, please take some time to read the notice. Key sections include:  Where we collect personal information from  This section lists all the places where we get data that counts as part of your personal information.  Who we share your personal information with  Here we list all the types of organisation that we may share your personal information with.  This section explains how we work with outside companies to decide whether to lend you money.  This section deals with information we share outside our group to help fight financial crime.  How we work out what marketing you receive  This tells you how we decide what you may be interested in, and what marketing to show or send you.  How we make automated decisions  Here we tell you how we make decisions about you and your money, and explain your rights over these decisions.  How to get a copy of your personal information  This section tells you where to write to us and how to ask for a digital file.  How to withdraw your consent  This section explains what to do if you no longer want us to hold or use your personal information.  This section explains about your right to object and other data privacy rights you have - and how to contact us.  This section gives details of how to contact us to make a complaint about data privacy.  Please enter to access social media links  Share on Facebook. Link opens in a new tab.  Share on Twitter. Link opens in a new tab.  Share on LinkedIn. Link opens in a new tab.  Ask a Questionusing our online help tool. Link opens in a new tab.  Sending money outside the UK  Visit Lloyds Bank Facebook (opens in new tab)  Visit the Lloyds Bank Twitter page (opens in new tab)  Visit the Lloyds Bank YouTube channel (opens in new tab)