Privacy Policy | Deployment Zone  Privacy Policy – Deployment Zone  This privacy policy is intended to inform you about the information and data gathered by Deployment Zone Ltd (“us”, “we”) when you use this service, how we store your information, information we collect and to the degree your information may be used.  Deployment Zone Ltd takes your privacy seriously. We do not rent, sell or share your personal information with 3rd parties, except as listed below.  We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, you are a registered Deployment Zone Ltd user, we will attempt to inform you of any material changes by email. Otherwise, please check back frequently on the Deployment Zone Ltd website for the latest and most updated privacy policy posted here. Deployment Zone Ltd provides you with the opportunity to review, remove and modify any personal information that you provided previously under the Data Protection Act 1998, please contact us directly by email to make changes to your personal information. You may also update your personal information by logging into your Deployment Zone account and updating your details by clicking your username at the top right of the page then clicking Settings.  2. Data Collection & Use  We only collect the personal data you choose to provide us during your registration process. As part of the registration process in order to use Deployment Zone Ltd services you need to provide us with your Full Name, Address, Email Address, Phone, Country, State or County, Zip or Postal Code, and Billing information, including credit card data, Paypal & Google Checkout information. All data is stored in the United States. You may elect to not provide any of the above info, but you will then not be able to use Deployment Zone Ltd services or certain features. We will keep your data for up to 30 days after your account is deleted. After the 30 days all your data is fully removed from our system.  We may collect and store certain information about your interaction with Deployment Zone Ltd website and services, including cookies, IP Addresses, browser type, device type, location, Internet service provider (ISP), entry and exit pages, operating systems, time/date stamps, and other related data. Deployment Zone Ltd uses this information, only to improve the quality of our services and products. If you choose to decline cookies via your browser, you will have some limitations in using Deployment Zone Ltd services.  When you register to use Deployment Zone Ltd services or by purchasing any products from a vendor using Deployment Zone Ltd services, your email will automatically be listed in the Deployment Zone Ltd mailing list. You will receive welcome information, account information, and other marketing related information related to Deployment Zone Ltd services and the products you viewed and purchased. You may also receive periodic emails from us notifying you of new features, products, titles and other related information for Deployment Zone Ltd services. You may choose to opt out of receiving emails from Deployment Zone Ltd, but if you choose to do so, you will not receive technical support requests, account updates and notifications, product updates, security updates or updates to the Terms of Services of Deployment Zone Ltd as well as updates to Privacy Policy of Deployment Zone Ltd. At anytime if you forget your account information, you may log back onto Deployment Zone Ltd website and click forgot login on the login area screen, a password reset link will be emailed to you with further steps to reset your account info.  In the event of Deployment Zone Ltd goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by or with another company, including partial or all assets, any personally identifiable information we have on record will likely be transferred with the transition.  We employ and protect all data with SSL encryption and other security measures to ensure you that your data is protected and safe. However please be advised that while we take extra measures to protect your data and integrity of your information, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent unauthorised access from occurring. Please take the proper steps to maintain the security of your account information. We highly recommend that you set a tough to guess password for your registered account with Deployment Zone Ltd to ensure others from easily guessing your password.  7. Changes to our privacy policy  Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.  You have the right to ask us to not process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise that right by contacting us at team@deploymentzone.tv  If you have any questions or concerns about this policy or any Deployment Zone Ltd services products, services or features, please don’t hesitate to contact us at team@deploymentzone.tv  WE VALUE YOUR PRIVACY deploymentzone.tv uses cookies to help us deliver our services and improve your user experience. Click “Agree” to accept our use of cookies or you can choose to read more to see how we use your data in our Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice. 