Privacy - DAWN.COM - DAWN.COM  Today's Paper | August 12, 2021  How we use your information  What information do we collect?  Logging in using social networking credentials  Who we share data with  Legal information and how to contact us  Changes to the privacy policy  This is the main privacy policy for dawn.com and Dawn Media Group publications online, and for certain  services provided through the websites by Dawn Media GroupAt Dawn.com we collect different types of information about our users for four main reasons:  To provide personalised services unique to individual users.  To help us to monitor and improve the services we offer.  To sell advertising space on the site. This helps us to keep the site free of charge.  With user consent, to market services to individuals' users.  There may be additional privacy policies that apply to certain services on dawn.comPlease read these at the time you register or subscribe for these services on these sites.Please follow the links below for further information.Our principles  We do our utmost to protect user privacy through the appropriate use of the security technology.  - we ensure that we have appropriate physical and technological security measures to protect  - we ensure that when we outsource any processes that the service provider has appropriate  We will respect your privacy. You should receive marketing emails only from DMG and, if you choose, from  It will be made clear to you where you have these choices; for example, tick boxes will let you  decide whether you wish to receive marketing.  We may, however, email you occasionally with information or queries about your registration, your subscription  account or postings, for example, with reminders, warnings or copyright requests.  We will collect and use individual user details only where we have legitimate business reasons and  are legally entitled to do so.  We will be transparent in our dealings with you as to what information about you we will collect  and how we will use your information.  We will use personal data only for the purpose(s) for which they were originally collected and we  will ensure personal data are securely disposed of.  Our site is accessible via the Internet. This means that, wherever you choose to post your data on  the site, they can be accessed from anywhere around the world.  How we use your information  What information do we collect?  We collect information on our users through registration and use of the website, through cookies, where you  choose to disclose data in postings, and when you enter sales promotions and competitions  ("sales promotions").Certain services that we provide may involve the collection by us of additional information, such as your  geographic location from time to time, to enable the service to be provided as designed. In particular,  this may apply to certain Apps that you download, or which we provide.Registration  The minimum information we need to register a user is an email address and a password. We will ask further  questions for different services, including sales promotions. Unless stated, all registration questions are  compulsory.We may also ask some further, voluntary questions during registration for certain services  (for example, Classifieds, or Registration for Events) so we can gain a clearer understanding of our users.  This also enables us to personalise services for our users.Logging in using social networking credentials  If you login to dawn.com using a Facebook login as a means of authentication you grant permission to Facebook  to share your user details. This will include your name, email address, date of birth and location which will  then be used to form a Dawn USER, and you may use your picture from Facebook as part of your profile.  Authenticating also permits the sharing of your gender, networks, user ID and any other information you choose  to share according to your Facebook account settings. If you remove the Dawn app from your Facebook settings,  our access to this additional information will cease.If you login to dawn.com using a twitter login as a means of authentication we receive your avatar and  twitter username.Use of children's data  Except for Young World, dawn.com does not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children  under the age of 16.Young World online is a service for children, which requires parental consent to join, no personal  information on children is displayed on the site, and all contributions are moderated prior to being  published.Who we share data with  We will not share your personal information with others for marketing purposes unless you have given us your  permission. With your permission we will share your information only with carefully chosen third parties.DMG may make available third party services; anyinformation, which is collected by DMG when you access a  third party service, is processed under this Privacy Policy. Information collected by third party operators  themselves is governed by their own privacy policies.Please note that we reserve the right to access and disclose personal data to comply with applicable laws and  lawful government requests, to operate our systems properly and to protect both our users and ourselves.Any third parties who access your data in the course of providing services on our behalf are subject to  strict contractual restrictions to ensure that your data is protected, and in compliance with applicable  data protection/privacy legislation. We may also independently audit these service providers to ensure that  they meet our standards. We may use service providers to help us run these site or services available on the  sites, some of which may be based outside of Pakistan.Some DMG webpages use plugins from third party platforms (such as the 'Facebook Recommend' function). These third  arty providers may collect information about your visit to DMG websites on these pages. If you browse these pages  whilst still also logged in to your account on the third party platform, information collected by the third party  may be connected to your account on the third party platform. For more information on how these third parties use  information, please read their privacy policies.Use of Cookies  We use cookies for a number of reasons:  For statistical purposes to track how many individual unique users we have and how often they visit  our websites. We collect data listing which of our pages are most frequently visited and by which types  of users and from which countries.  We use third parties to collect anonymous user information, sometimes through cookies and web beacons.  Click here to learn more about how we use a third party service to collect and use information on  DMG and third party advertisers will generate statistical cookies to track advertising impressions  Placing cookies on your computer means we can serve you adverts that you might be more interested in,  and allows us to control the number of times you see them and measure how effective the ad campaign has  been. This helps us to keep the site free of charge.  Flash cookies may be used to store user preferences for media player functionality and without them  some video content may not render correctly.  You can turn cookies off but if you do this you may not be  able to use all services on our websites and you might see more pop-ups and other intrusive advertising,  as we won't be able to limit what you see using cookies. You will, however, still be able to view  For more information about cookies and managing them, including how to turn them off, please visit our  page on Cookies.By using the sites you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described.About our advertising  We use targeted advertising, which allows us to deliver visitors to our website directed to your interests.As you browse dawn.com, some of the cookies we place on your computer will be advertising cookies, so we can understand what sort of pages you are interested in.This information we collect about behavior on your computer enables us to group it with computers that show similar behavior. We can then display advertising to your computer, which is based on these interests. For instance if you have been reading a lot of food and drink articles we may decide to show you more adverts for food and drink.We do not share behavioral data with other websites.Please visit https://www.dawn.com/privacypolicyoptout to opt you.Other Advertising  dawn.com will contain contextual affiliate links from which we may earn revenue. Advertisers or affiliates  never influence our articles, nor are they written for the purpose of promoting a product, except when clearly  branded as a 'sponsored feature' or 'advertisement feature' or 'sponsor's content'.Legal information and how to contact us  For the purposes of data protection please contact legal@dawn.comIf you would like to obtain a copy of the personal data we hold on you, or have any queries regarding DMG  use of personal data please contact the Data Protection Manager at the above address.Changes to the privacy policy  Should we elect to change our privacy policy we will post the changes here. Where the changes are significant,  we may also choose to email all our registered users with the new details. Where required by law, will we  obtain your consent to make these changes.  Five years on, a suicide bombing targeting lawyers continues to haunt families in Quetta  Lingang Special Area releases growth targets in new Five-Year Plan  Children on vacation learn martial arts  US' anti-science hubris self-harming: China Daily editorial  PDM back in action, scorns new voting machines  US finds Pakistan useful only to clear mess in Afghanistan: PM Imran  Bajwa urges stakeholders to work positively for Afghan peace  SHC CJ again declines offer to become ad hoc SC judge  Duration between two doses reduced to 28 days  Pakistan, Iraq to form mechanism for political consultations  India leading propaganda against Pakistan: minister  Economy entering sustainable growth phase: SBP chief  Minister rejects Indian accusation of infiltration in occupied Kashmir  Protesters defy restrictions, clash with police in Thailand  RED ZONE FILES: Telling the Pakistan story  Representative organisations of media industry reject Pakistan Media Deve­lopment Authority  Govt trying to double income of farmers, says PM  Independence of judiciary is debatable, says IHC CJ  Minorities’ rights, places of worship to be protected: CJP  CAA defends decision to outsource its testing, licensing exam system to UK  Man gets life for throwing acid on schoolteacher over marriage proposal  Pre-arrest bail of two PPP leaders extended in NAB corruption probes  Driver takes away Rs205m from security firm’s cash van  LHC orders IGP to take steps to enforce anti-rape law  Chief secretary among Covid patients  7.5pc tax slapped on Lesco filer consumers  Five people, 10 cattle die in road accident  Nawaz’s fresh medical report submitted to LHC  Promoting private business was a mistake: deputy speaker  PTI names Barrister Sultan candidate for AJK president slot  Over 100 Covid-19 hotspots sealed in Rawalpindi  Security, reliability ensured while developing EVM: Shibli Faraz  Doctors’ shortage in Gilgit's Ghanche hospital protested  Man, boy drown in Lakki Marwat pond  PHC moved against manufacturing of ‘counterfeit’ cigarettes  Govt unwilling to hold LG elections, says Hoti  PM visits Haripur today to open work on power project  Ye named ADB’s country director for Pakistan  Car sales surge by 104pc in July  MCB declares Rs5 per share interim cash dividend  Cotton hits new peak amid low yield, delayed imports  Hawks qualify for playoffs as Stallions suffer second loss in two days  Senate committee to honour Arshad Nadeem, Talha Talib  ‘Declining standard of cricket in Lahore alarming’  Nadal limps out as Medvedev wins in Toronto  Holder Andreescu recovers to reach third round  Not a victory for rule of law  Chinese court convicts Canadian for spying, jails him for 11 years  UK court allows US to widen scope of appeal in Julian Assange case  Sudan agrees to hand over Bashir for war crimes trial  WHO mass-testing three potential Covid-19 drugs  Crowded trains, delays during drivers strike in Germany  HEALTH: VOICES FROM THE FRONT LINES  Interview: A dose of Bose  CINEMASCOPE: THE JAWS OF RACISM  GOING ONLINE: LESSONS FROM THE CLASSROOM  NON-FICTION: THE HINDUSTAN OF HINDUS  NON-FICTION: THE WOMEN OF ISIS  COLUMN: A GHAZAL AND ITS PARTS — I  NON-FICTION: THE INDO-PAK WAR OF NARRATIVES  IPRs suffering from multi-organ disorder  Exchange rate stability is a challenge  Another battle lost for the white lint  Compunode.com Pvt. Ltd. (www.compunode.com).Designed for Dawn. 