Privacy notice | Qatar Airways  Fares Strip Fare Tracking ID  Search Results - Manage Booking IID  New Destinationprice Discover cta IID  You have been logged out due to inactivity  Upgrade to a Privilege Club account  Does your current profile name match the name in your passport?  Country/Region of residenceCountry/Region of residenceCountry/Region of residence  Year of birthYear of birthYear of birth  Month of birthMonth of birthMonth of birth  Date of birthDate of birthDate of birth  Country dialing codeCountry dialing codeCountry dialing codeCountry dialing code  Promo Code ( Optional )  Promo Code ( Optional )  I agree to the terms and conditions of the Privilege Club Programme. I also agree to receiving communications by email, post, SMS or social media about my membership account, offers and news from Qatar Airways and Privilege Club, Privilege Club partner offers and market research from time to time.  Your browser does not support JavaScript!  Please enter your Search term for Search  Your {tierType} tier will expire on {tierExpiryDate}. You need to earn {tierRenewalPoints} Qpoints to retain your current tier. Take advantage of our exciting offers and purchase up to {tierThreshold} Qpoints now. Learn more about Qpoints sale.  Your {qmilesAmount} Qmiles are restored  <p>We have reinstated your {qmilesAmount} expired Qmiles to recognise your loyalty.</p>  Your {tierLevel} tier is restored  <p>Reinstated {tierLevel} tier, to recognise your loyalty.</p>  {qmilesAmount} Qmiles and {tierLevel} tier are yours again  <p>To recognize your loyalty, we have restored your expired Qmiles and reinstated your tier status. Please update and save your contact address.</p>  You have {qcredits} unused Qcredits in your account which will expire on {qcreditsExpiryDate}. Qcredits can be redeemed for a host of services.  Your {tier} tier covered for 2021  If you do not retain your {tier} tier on {tierEndDate}, we’ll automatically extend your tier status, so that it is valid until 31 December 2021.  Hurry! You have {qmiles} Qmiles expiring on {qmilesExpiryDate} date.  Earn or redeem Qmiles now to keep your balance active for another three-years  Congratulations on your status match with Privilege Club  Your tier has been matched currently.  You have 1 new notification!  We have an update on your service request. Please check the contact centre page to read more.  Extend your expiring Qmiles on us before 29 December  Simply register and ensure your profile is complete before 29 December to extend your {qmiles} expiring Qmiles.  Our student programme is dedicated to offering you unparalleled opportunities and savings.  Before you embark on your next journey, enrol in the Student Club and start a journey of benefits like never before.  I agree to the Terms and Conditions of the Privilege Club and Student Club programme and accept the Qatar Airways Privacy Policy.  Do you wish to continue?  By clicking ‘join student club’ you will be prompted to log in again.  Registration successful, simply ensure your profile is complete and up to date  Enjoy a wide range of world-class services.  Enjoy a wide range of world-class services.  Buy , gift & transfer  Get more on our app  We use cookies to improve your experience, to remember your preferences and to show you offers based on your interests as detailed in our Cookie policy. By continuing to use qatarairways.com, you accept our use of cookies. Click here to change your preferences.  This information is provided by Qatar Airways as a courtesy, and although updated regularly, we recommended you frequently check back due to the rapid changes in travel conditions, and that you verify travel and entry requirements through independent enquiries before your trip.  Your privacy is very important to Qatar Airways Group and we understand how important it is to you. We want you to feel safe when visiting our websites or using our services and are committed to maintaining your privacy when you do. We require our employees, suppliers and partners to maintain confidentiality in accordance with applicable data protection laws.  This privacy notice (together with our Terms and Conditions, our Cookie Policy and any other documents referred to herein) sets out the basis on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us (“Privacy Notice”). Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data.  This Privacy Notice can be changed over time to comply with law or to meet our changing business requirements. The most up-to-date Privacy Notice can be found on our website. We will inform you appropriately of any relevant changes to this Privacy Notice. Subject to applicable laws, the English version of this Privacy Notice will prevail over any version of this Privacy Notice in another language.  For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation, the Controller is Qatar Airways Group, Q.C.S.C. a Qatari Closed Shareholding Company with its registered office at Qatar Airways Tower, PO Box 22550, Doha, State of Qatar (from now on referred to as "Qatar Airways", "we", or "us").  Qatar Airways has adopted an ‘opt-in' policy where you can decide whether you would like to receive our newsletters and offers. You may submit a request to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting Qatar Airways (see Section 10) or by logging on to your online account with Qatar Airways or your Privilege Club account or Qbiz account and managing your marketing preferences.  By "Personal Data" we mean any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.  3. When does this privacy notice apply?  This Privacy Notice applies to the processing by Qatar Airways of all Personal Data we gather or use in connection with your relationship with us as a customer or potential customer of our airline, when you use our website, www.qatarairways.com (from now on referred to as our "Website"), our mobile apps (from now on referred to as our "Mobile Apps"), services provided by us or others acting on our behalf (including when you travel with us) and when you interact with us. We will only use your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Notice.  4, Who is responsible for your Personal Data?  4.1 Qatar Airways is responsible for the processing of all Personal Data described in this Privacy Notice. In this Privacy Notice we explain what Personal Data we process and for what purposes, and to which persons or entities the Personal Data will be provided.  4.2 Our Website and Mobile Apps may contain links to enable you to visit third-party websites, mobile sites and mobile applications which are governed by their own privacy policies. Please note that we do not have any control over these and are not responsible or liable for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide whilst visiting those sites.  5. How we collect and receive Personal Data  5.1 We may collect and receive Personal Data directly from you or from your authorised representative(s) or from third parties (e.g. your travel agent or our service providers). We may also collect Personal Data of your relatives or principal where you disclose Personal Data on their behalf, including when you:  (a) use any of our services, including when you travel with us or use airports where we operate or any facilities within those airports, such as our lounge facilities;  (b) use or access our Website or Mobile Apps, particularly when completing the "passenger details" section during the course of a booking, even if you do not complete the booking;  (c) communicate with us such as by email, telephone, in writing or through our customer services pages or social media platforms; or  (d) register, create or modify an online or in-app account with us, including your Qatar Airways basic account, Privilege Club account or Qbiz account.  5.2 We may also collect your Personal Data through our Website or Mobile Apps and other channels including our ticketing counters and airport operations and third party providers or subcontractors where you have consented to providing your Personal Data to them or where we subcontract them to assist us in providing services to you (e.g., wheelchair assistance, transfers, special meals).  5.3 Where you disclose Personal Data on behalf of another person, you will ensure that the individual whose Personal Data is supplied to Qatar Airways has authorized the disclosure, is informed of and consents to processing of their Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Notice. Where the disclosure is in respect of a child’s Personal Data, you should do as only as the parent or legal guardian of that child and enter into relevant contracts on behalf of that child.  6. Why do we use your Personal Data?  6.1 When you interact with Qatar Airways (online or offline)  (a) For answering your questions or responding to your complaints or requests  (i) What does this mean?  If you get in touch with us in person, through our Reservations and Ticketing Offices, our Qatar Airways Contact Centres, our IATA Travel Agents or Qatar Holidays, airport check in, Qatar Airways lounges, by email, by telephone, in writing or through our customer care services pages, through social media, on board or by your authorized representative for the purposes of the relevant enquiry, your Personal Data is collected only to the extent necessary to reply to and answer your question or to respond to your complaints or requests (e.g. to assist you in processing a transaction or to provide technical assistance).  (ii) What are our legal grounds for doing this?  We will process your Personal Data based on the performance of our passenger transport contract with you or in our legitimate business interests in providing customer care to you based on your request.  (iii) Which Personal Data do we use for this purpose?  We may use your Personal Data including special categories of Personal Data; for example full name, seat number, PNR number, contact details, ticket number, frequent flyer number, email address, country of primary residence, gender, flight number, date of travel, origin, destination, booking class, baggage information, travel date, type of passenger, special meal requests, special requests such as wheelchair assistance, when requested your health information to assess your fitness to travel, your correspondence with Qatar Airways about your question and all other Personal Data necessary to answer your question. We may monitor or record your phone conversations for training and customer service purposes.  (b) If you open a Qatar Airways account with us, to manage the account and to ensure confidentiality and security of your transactions and purchases  (i) What does this mean?  When you choose to register, create or modify an online or in-app account with us, including your Qatar Airways Privilege Club account or Qbiz account, you need to provide Personal Data so that we can create an account for you. Using this data allows us to manage your account, keep you updated about your account activity and to make sure that all your purchases and transactions are secure and confidential.  In order to administer the Privilege Club programme, Qatar Airways may:  (a) supply your Personal Data to Qatar Airways group companies, marketing partners, other airlines including oneworld airlines, agents, contractors, immigration, security and customs authorities;  (b) transfer your personal data to other jurisdictions that may offer less protection of personal data than that provided in your own jurisdiction; and  (c) process special categories of your Personal Data (such as data revealing a medical condition or religious belief) only where necessary to meet your special needs and requirements.  Please refer to the Qatar Airways Privilege Club terms and conditions for details on how your personal data is collected and processed by our Privilege Club.  (ii) What are our legal grounds for doing this?  We process your Personal Data in the performance of the contract between you and Qatar Airways as (i) a website user, (ii) passenger travelling on Qatar Airways, (iii) a Privilege Club main member, family member or guest or (iv) a Member of Qbiz.  (iii) Which Personal Data do we use for this purpose?  (i) for your Qatar Airways basic account, we process your name, email address, title, telephone number, gender and date of birth, address, any other information you have added to your account, login data, display name, role, the details of your purchases and transactions and payment details.  (ii) for your Privilege Club account, we process your name, email address, title, telephone number, gender and date of birth, address (current and permanent), passport data, nationality, FFP account number, tier information, language, travel history, any other information you have added to your account, login data, display name, role, and the details of your transactions and payment details. Where you have nominated family members you wish to enrol in the Privilege Club as a Main Member (as defined in the Privilege Club Terms and Conditions) or use Benefits for any Guest (as defined in the Privilege Club Terms and Conditions), we process their name, email address, title, telephone number, gender and date of birth, address, passport data, and any other information you have added to your account.  (iii) for your Qbiz account, we process your name, email address, title, telephone number, gender and date of birth, address, any other information you have added to your account, login data, display name, role, the details of your transactions and payment details.  (c) To allow you to connect with us via social media  (i) What does this mean?  Qatar Airways is active on social media platforms including Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, Flickr, Tumblr, Snapchat, LinkedIn, YouTube, Pinterest, VK, Sina, Weibo, WeChat and Instagram. When you contact us via social media, we will use Personal Data you supply in order to answer your questions and to respond to your messages.  Your access and use of any social media platforms is governed by their own terms of use and privacy and cookie policies.  (ii) What are our legal grounds for doing this?  Where you are a subscriber to the social media platforms and have given us your consent to our use of marketing cookies, we will provide you with relevant marketing when you use those platforms. If you wish to revoke your consent for the use of marketing cookies by Qatar Airways, you can change your cookie settings on our Website or Mobile Apps.  (iii) Which Personal Data do we use for this purpose?  Depending on the communication channel you have chosen to connect with us, we will use Personal Data you supply which may include your (user) name, address, email address, gender and the other Personal Data you have included in your message. In addition, when you click one of the buttons displayed such as “Like”, “Share” or retweet on our Website or Mobile Apps, the relevant social media platform might place cookies on your device. To read more about cookies, please read our Cookie Policy.  Any information which you choose to voluntarily post to our interactive forum, is by nature made publicly available to other users who have access to that portion of our Website. We encourage you not to share your Personal Data and we are not responsible for any information you choose to provide in such forums. Any disclosures you make are at your own risk.  (d) For the development and improvement of our products and/or services  (i) What does this mean?  It’s important for us to continue to provide you with our award winning services and uphold the Qatar Airways brand. In order to achieve this, we use your Personal Data so that we can assess, analyse and improve our services to you.  For this purpose, we keep track of how often you read our newsletters, visit our Website and/or Mobile Apps, which pages you click on and what services you purchase through our Website or Mobile Apps.  We also regularly use surveys to find out whether you are satisfied with our service. These surveys are conducted through our Website or Mobile Apps. We use your responses to surveys for quality assessments and to improve your customer experience.  (ii) What are our legal grounds for doing this?  We will process your Personal Data based on the performance of our passenger transport contract with you or in our legitimate business interests in enhancing our services to you.  (iii) Which Personal Data do we use for this purpose?  For this purpose, we use your contact details such as your address, email address, name, date of birth, payment and credit information, and any correspondence with us. In addition, we use the Personal Data you entered into the Website and/or Mobile Apps or based on the functionalities of the Website and/or Mobile Apps and the technical data from your device such as its IP-address, the pages you visited on our Websites or Apps, your click-through and surf behaviour and the length of your session.  If you choose to participate in our surveys, we can ask you to provide us with Personal Data, such as age group, gender and preferences in terms of choice of destination. We can also use the Personal Data that you have provided in the survey for this purpose.  6.2 For the assessment and acceptance of a customer when travelling with us or using our ancillary services  (i) What does this mean?  When you contact Qatar Airways, your Personal Data will be processed for assessment and acceptance purposes. This includes, confirming and verifying your identity or that of your authorised representative(s), verifying your identity at the security checkpoint and confirming your Personal Data at the check-in (i.e. at our counters or at self-check-in kiosks), during boarding or disembarkation, (i.e. security screening, baggage screening and flight transfers) and accessing Qatar Airways lounges, oneworld lounges or third party lounges or other ancillary services.  Qatar Airways will also process your Personal Data for other administrative and regulatory purposes such as due diligence and transportation security screening against publicly available government and/or law enforcement agency sanctions lists.  Qatar Airways may also use and disclose your Personal Data to persons who have been validly identified as being you or your authorised representative(s) pursuant to our then-current security procedures, for the purpose of the relevant transaction or enquiry. In particular, each of the passengers who are grouped under the same booking reference (or Passenger Name Record (“PNR”) number shall be deemed to be authorised representatives of each of the other passengers under the same booking reference number.  Where you have requested carriage of an unaccompanied child we will process your Personal Data for administrative purposes in order to facilitate the booking and safe travel of the child.  Where you request medical clearance or conditional acceptance to assess your fitness to travel prior to your flight, you will be required to consent to and authorize the attending doctor to disclose necessary medical information to Qatar Airways and its commissioned medical advisors. This information will be solely used for the purpose of determining your fitness to fly on your booked flights.  We will send you reminders about incomplete bookings and customer services emails to facilitate your booking completion and to identify any operational issues that prevented you from completing the transaction and/or offer assistance in a similar way.  (ii) What are our legal grounds for doing this?  We will process your Personal Data based on your request to enter into a passenger transport contract with us and pursuant to applicable legal obligations and regulatory requirements.  (iii) Which Personal Data do we use for this purpose?  For this purpose, we may process your contact details such as your postal address and email address, travel documents, personal details such as your name and date of birth, payment and credit information, meal preference, baggage details, health details and details of your correspondence with us. We will also process the Personal Data of those passengers travelling under the same booking reference number with you in a similar manner.  We use automated fraud detection algorithms to screen your online or telephone purchases in order to prevent fraudulent transactions.  6.3 For the performance of a contract  (i) What does this mean?  When you travel with us or request ancillary services offered through our Website, we process your Personal Data for administrative purposes such as:  (a) facilitating your bookings and travel arrangements including transfers and stop overs;  (b) administering our Privilege Club or Qbiz Programme;  (c) administering our Al Maha Meet and Greet Services or services provided by Qatar Aviation Services such as ground handling, baggage services, travel and tours;  (d) facilitating access to our Qatar Airways lounges, oneworld lounges or third party lounges;  (e) administering city tours and activities, ground transportation services to your hotel or back to the airport, hotel bookings, travel insurance, car rentals or other ancillary services that you have requested through us, other Qatar Airways group companies or our third party service providers; and  (f) facilitating your booking of duty free purchases online or duty free transactions at airport duty free shops or on board and transfer of purchased goods to the boarding and disembarkation gates.  When you use airports, we process your Personal Data for administrative purposes such as to conduct security transportation identification and screening requirements required by those airports and imposed on airlines.  We also use your Personal Data in order to deliver products or services that we have agreed to provide to you, such as in-flight catering, baggage handling, check-in and boarding. As part of our service to you, we provide you with flight alert and status messages through our Mobile Apps and SMS, service or informational emails, facilitate web and self-check-in kiosks, baggage notifications, and registering for our Privilege Club programme.  We may offer an upgrade of your cabin before your flight via email.  By using our services, our Website or Mobile Apps and by providing any Personal Data to us, you agree to your Personal Data being sent to and processed in countries outside of your country of residence, and for individuals resident in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), this includes transfers outside of the EEA. Some of these countries may not have data protection laws that provide an equivalent level of data protection as the laws in your country of residence. Please refer to Clause 8 of this Privacy Notice for more details.  When you make a booking, you will be provided with a booking reference number. Disclosing your booking reference number with your surname to other persons or your travel agent will allow them to access your booking details through our system.  (ii) What are our legal grounds for doing this?  We will process your Personal Data based on our passenger transport contract with you and any other contracts that you have with the Qatar Airways group of companies or our third party service providers (where applicable). We will also process your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests in offering a wide variety of ancillary services to you to enhance your travel experience. If you provide Personal Data on behalf of someone else (e.g., making a booking on behalf of an adult or a child), you enter into a passenger transport contract or other contract on behalf of that child or adult.  (ii) Which Personal Data do we use for this purpose?  We process the passenger’s contact details such as address and email address, personal details such as name and date of birth, payment and credit information, order history and other data stored in our customer, supplier and business partner database in relation to the passenger transport contract with you and any other contracts you have entered into with any entity of the Qatar Airways group of companies.  6.4 For organisational analysis and development, internal management, organisation reporting, and acquisition and divestitures  (i) What does this mean?  We process your Personal Data to help us analyse the performance and organisation of our business, including our management reporting and analysis.  We also process your Personal Data to assist with internal management. Examples of this include providing central processing facilities in order to work more efficiently, conducting audits and investigations, implementing business controls and managing and using customer, supplier and business partner directories.  We also process your Personal Data for finance and accounting, archiving and insurance purposes, legal and business consulting and in the context of dispute resolution.  We use aggregated personal data to create management reports and to analyse Qatar Airways' business. We conduct customer, supplier and business partner surveys to learn more about your views and opinions in preparation for our management reporting. We also use your Personal Data for management reporting purposes in the context of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures and in order to manage such transactions. To ensure the security of your Personal Data, our analysis reporting is aggregated and anonymized and we require our employees, suppliers and partners to maintain confidentiality in accordance with applicable data protection laws.  (ii) What are our legal grounds for doing this?  We will process your Personal Data based on the performance of our passenger transport contract with you or in our legitimate business interests in maintaining the expected service levels to you.  (iii) Which Personal Data do we use for this purpose?  For this purpose, we process your contact details such as your address and email address, personal details such as your name and date of birth, payment and credit information, payment and order history, correspondence with Qatar Airways, data generated during the performance of the agreement between you and Qatar Airways, correspondence with Qatar Airways and the information you provide when responding to our surveys.  6.5 For compliance with law and to monitor and investigate compliance  (i) What does this mean?  Qatar Airways needs to comply with certain legal obligations and monitors it’s Website, Mobile Apps and IT systems to check compliance with Qatar Airways’ internal policies and regulations. During monitoring activities, your Personal Data can be accessed and viewed by Qatar Airways IT systems personnel or by third party regulators or government authorities.  (ii) What are our legal grounds for doing this?  We will process your Personal Data based on:  (a) our legitimate business interests in maintaining adherence to our company policies and the standards which we uphold for our employees, suppliers and partners; and  (b) our legal obligation to comply with laws and regulations which are applicable to the airline industry or to specific geographic locations. Please refer to our Conditions of Carriage for further details.  (iii) Which Personal Data do we use for this purpose?  For this purpose, any Personal Data that is stored on Qatar Airways' IT systems can be accessed and viewed by Qatar Airways IT systems personnel or by third party regulators or government authorities for compliance purposes. The Personal Data that is accessed and viewed will not be stored for compliance purposes, unless we need them to further investigate potential non-compliant behaviour or in the course of legal proceedings.  6.6 In the event of an emergency  (i) What does this mean?  In the event of an emergency, Qatar Airways will be required to provide emergency response services and share your Personal Data and that of your emergency contact, with our oneworld alliance partners and emergency responses providers and authorities.  (ii) What are our legal grounds for doing this?  We will process your Personal Data based on the performance of our passenger transport contract with you, the protection of your vital interests and our legal obligation to comply with the applicable laws.  (iii) Which Personal Data do we use for this purpose?  For this purpose, we process your name, address, telephone number, gender, nationality, passport number and the Personal Data of the emergency contact that you named while making your booking.  (a) If you participate in Contests, to manage your participation  (i) What does this mean?  If you give us your consent to do so, we can send you emails with invitations to participate in prize contests, events, competitions and/or games of chance (collectively “Contests”). If you choose to participate in any Contest, we need your Personal Data to allow you to participate, to administer the Contest, where you are a winner to inform you of this, to process the delivery of and distribution of the prizes and to measure the response to Contests.  (ii) What are our legal grounds for doing this?  We will process your Personal Data based on the terms and conditions of the Contest. If you decline to provide this information, we will not be able to register or enter you into the relevant Contest or award you a prize if you have been successful.  (iii) Which Personal Data do we use for this purpose?  Where we are the organiser or sponsor of the Contest, we process your name, address, email address, passport copy, your country of residence, proof of residence, age verification documentation, personal identification documentation, signature and your entries in the Contest. Please refer to the terms and conditions of the relevant Contest for specific details of the Personal Data processed. In accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant Contest we may also share your Personal Data with third party sponsors of prizes in order to administer the prizes to you.  (b) Only if you subscribe to our mailing list, for sending you relevant information about Qatar Airways  (i) What does this mean?  We will occasionally inform you about our special offers, news and new products and may invite you to participate in Contests via the email address you provide us. You will only receive our newsletters if you subscribe to this mailing list.  (ii) What are our legal grounds for doing this?  We will ask for your consent to send you personalised newsletters.  (iv) Which Personal Data do we use for this purpose?  We process your name and email address, your preferences and interests, (including those that you have actively shared with us, but also those inferred through your registered interactions with Qatar Airways Websites and Mobile Apps), (please see our Cookie Policy for more information), shopping history (both online if you link your purchases to your profile, and offline when making an offline purchase), and the links you click on in our emails.  Cookies are small files of information which save and retrieve information about your visit to our Website – for example, how you entered our site, how you navigated through the site and what information was of interest to you. Read more about how we use cookies in our Cookie Policy which is available on our Website.  8. Who has access to your Personal Data?  8.1 Access to your Personal Data within Qatar Airways Group  As a global organisation, data we collect may be transferred internationally throughout Qatar Airways' Group. We may disclose your Personal Data to our shareholders and any member of our Group for business and administrative purposes.  Within the Qatar Airways Group, we may share your Personal Data in order to offer you a complete package of services and ancillary products which you have requested such as QAS porterage services or Al Maha Meet and Greet services. We may send the Personal Data stored in this Website to countries whose data protection laws may not be as extensive as those in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Qatar Airways employees are authorised to access Personal Data only if necessary to serve the applicable purpose and to perform their jobs.  8.2 Access to Your Personal Data by Third Parties  When you make a travel booking or other purchase, we use support and other functions which may require the transfer of your Personal Data to and from countries outside of your country of residence from time to time, including outside of the EEA.  In order for you to travel, we may be required to disclose certain of your Personal Data in the following cases:  (a) to you or those acting on your behalf. Where local regulations require, we may obtain your consent in writing for the purpose of allowing anyone else to act on your behalf;  (b) to third parties including other airlines (such as codeshare partners and oneworld Alliance member airlines), partners connected with our Privilege Club (if you are a member), other service providers including those who are acting as our agent or sub-contractor, including, without limitation, hoteliers, insurance companies, ground handling service providers, medical assistance providers, authorities in case of declaration of firearms, catering in case of special meals, credit card and credit reference agencies, data processing service providers and our legal and other professional advisors;  (c) to third parties in connection with a proposed or actual financing, securitization, insuring, merger, restructure, sale, acquisition, assignment or other disposal of all or part of our business or assets or the assets of any affiliate or to anyone whom we may transfer our rights and/or obligations for the purposes of evaluating and performing the proposed transaction;  (d) to third parties, including law enforcement officials, law courts and government and regulatory authorities: (a) if we believe disclosure is required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process (such as to respond to subpoenas or judicial orders); or (b) to protect and defend our rights, or the rights or safety of third parties, including to defend against legal claims;  (e) to customs, border control, security, anti-terrorism and immigration authorities in Qatar, the EEA and in other countries, which require by law access to booking and travel itinerary information including Advanced Passenger Information (passport and associated Personal Data) (“API”) and PNR data for all passengers prior to your travel and upon their request in accordance with the law; and/or  (f) where you have made a travel booking, to passengers travelling under the same booking as you.  In addition, your Personal Data may be processed and stored by these third party service providers in order to perform the air transport or other contract.  Organisations that are based outside of the EEA may not be subject to the same level of controls in regard to data protection as exist within the EEA. When third parties are given access to your Personal Data, we will take the required contractual, technical and organisational measures to ensure that your Personal Data is only processed if necessary for the relevant purpose. We use reasonable efforts to ensure that third parties will only process your Personal Data in accordance with applicable law (e.g. via data processing agreements as set out in paragraph 8.3).  Please note that third parties have their own privacy policies. We suggest that you review those policies if your travel plans include third party services.  8.3 The use of your Personal Data by our data processors  When a third party processes your Personal Data based on Qatar Airways instructions, it acts as a data processor. We enter into an agreement with the relevant data processor for the processing of your Personal Data. In this agreement, we include obligations to ensure that your Personal Data is processed by the data processor solely to provide services to us and to ensure that the data processor has adequate safeguards in place and complies with the applicable data protection laws.  9. How do we keep your data safe?  Qatar Airways has taken adequate safeguards to ensure the confidentiality and security of your personal data. We are committed to ensuring that your Personal Data is secure. In an effort to prevent unauthorised access to, or disclosure of, your Personal Data, we have put in place physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to protect your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, damage, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access, as well as all other forms of unlawful processing (including, but not limited to, unnecessary collection) or further processing. In order to protect the security of your information, where necessary, we use encryption technology when collecting or transferring Personal Data.  Although we use reasonable and appropriate efforts to protect your Personal Data we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data transmitted to our Website or Mobile Apps via internet or similar connection.  Except for required passenger details, we do not intentionally gather Personal Data about children. We are not able to identify the age of persons who access and use our Website or Mobile Apps or subscribe to our newsletters. If you believe we have inadvertently collected Personal Data about your child or if the child has provided us with Personal Data without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us, and we will erase the Personal Data and where relevant unsubscribe the child.  We will retain Personal Data for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected, the legal or business purposes of Qatar Airways as described in this Privacy Notice and in line with our data retention policies, or as required by relevant laws.  When erasing Personal Data, we will take commercially reasonable and technically possible measures to make the Personal Data irrecoverable or irreproducible in accordance with the applicable laws.  You can request access, rectification, review of processing, restriction or erasure of your Personal Data that Qatar Airways processes at any time by sending a request via the Contact Us page of our Website. In certain circumstances you will also have the right to data portability, meaning that you have the right to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format to transmit the data to another controller. We will not charge a fee to respond to your request unless the request may be deemed as manifestly unfounded or excessive. Any request must include the following information: your name and address and any other information which may identify you. Where your request relates to a travel booking, please provide your booking reference, frequent flyer or Qatar Airways Privilege number, the dates on which the travel took place and any other relevant information that will assist us in identifying your booking.  If you no longer want to receive our newsletters, you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email containing our newsletter, which will be effective immediately. In addition, you can raise an unsubscribe request by emailing or calling our Customer Care Center or by sending us a request by post to the following address:  Attention: Qatar Airways Direct Marketing Team – Ecommerce  When raising a request to unsubscribe by e-mail, call or post, it may take up to 30 working days to process your request and to update our systems to remove your email address from our mailing list.  After processing your request, Qatar Airways will not send you any further newsletters, our special offers or news via email and you will be marked as unsubscribed in our mailing list. Please note that if you have subscribed to receive any newsletters, offers or news from third parties, these service providers may still provide you with offers or news on Qatar Airways based on your request to receive such communications. You may change your marketing preferences with these service providers should you choose not to receive communications about Qatar Airways.  If you added information to your Qatar Airways basic account or your Privilege Club account about yourself or to your Qbiz account about your company’s representatives, then you can also access your relevant Qatar Airways account profile to access, correct or remove it yourself.  We will make reasonable efforts to revise any Personal Data that is incorrect, and to update or change your information or preferences, as permitted by law. It may take several weeks to implement the changes.  If you feel that we do not comply with applicable privacy rules you have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection authority.  Should you have any questions about the processing of your Personal Data or this Privacy Notice, please contact:  To send an email to our Data Protection Officer click here  In addition to our Privacy notice, Qatar Airways has adopted a revised data protection approach which provides a global and simplified legal basis for all databases and applications sharing personal data within and outside the Qatar Airways Group of companies.  Learn more about our data protection approach  Airline of the Year 2019  World’s Best Business Class and five more awards  Qatar Airways. All rights reserved  Qatar Airways. All rights reserved  © Qatar Airways. All rights reserved  Conditions of carriage - Canada  Add an extra layer of security to your account with a one-time password  I want to secure my account with an one-time password:  Receive your one-time password via:  Mobile number and email address should not be empty  Please enter valid email address  Placeholder for service error message  Your account is less secure without an OTP  I understand that my account is not additionaly secured with one-time password and I agree to the Terms & Conditions of Privilege Club programme.  Placeholder for service error message  Your OTP preferences have been updated successfully  A verification link will be sent to your newly amended email address. You will now logged out of your Privilege Club account. Do you wish to continue  Please enter the one-time password received in your registered mobile number, {0}.  one-time password has been re-sent. Please enter the one-time password received in your registered mobile number, {0}.  Please enter the one-time password received in your registered email, {0}.  one-time password has been re-sent. Please enter the one-time password received in your registered email, {0}.  Please enter the one-time password received in your registered mobile number {0} or email address {1}.  one-time password has been re-sent. Please enter the one-time password received in your registered mobile number {0} or email address {1}.  Didn't receive the one-time password?  Please enter the valid one-time password  one-time password should not be empty  Placeholder for service error message  Account has been locked due to multiple invalid OTP attempts. Back to login.  Your OTP preferences have been updated successfully  Your contact details have been successfully changed..  Please provide any of the input details  Place holder for service error  The requested benefits allocated successfully  Cannot add more than 2 program admins  Country Calling Code Country Calling Code Country Calling Code  Country Calling Code Country Calling Code Country Calling Code  Passport Issued CountryPassport Issued CountryPassport Issued Country 