CLICK & COLLECT - FREE IN-STORE COLLECTION  FREE STANDARD DELIVERY FOR ORDERS OVER £49  CLICK & COLLECT - FREE IN-STORE COLLECTION  FREE STANDARD DELIVERY FOR ORDERS OVER £49  CLICK & COLLECT - FREE IN-STORE COLLECTION  TODDLER AND BABY GIRL SHOES  TODDLER AND BABY GIRL SHOES  TODDLER AND BABY GIRL SHOES  TODDLER AND BABY BOY SHOES  TODDLER AND BABY BOY SHOES  TODDLER AND BABY BOY SHOES  No results found, try searching:  Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.  Geox S.p.A. hereby wishes to inform visitors to the “www.geox.com” website (hereinafter the  “Website”) of its personal data protection policy, emphasising its commitment and  attention to protecting the privacy of Website visitors. Please read carefully our Privacy  Policy, which applies if you access the Website and simply navigate it using our services -  without purchasing any products - as well as if you decide to make purchases.  also contain important instructions on the security systems used by the Website.  Navigation within the Website is free and does not require registration, with the exception  of certain areas in which you may freely and expressly provide a set of personal data to  access certain services (e.g. to register for My Geox, sign up for the newsletter or  request information, etc.). When we ask you to provide your personal data to access these  additional services, we will always inform you in accordance with EU Regulation 679/2016  General Data Protection Regulation (the “Regulation”) about the purposes and methods  of use of the data as well as your right to request the deletion or updating of the data at  In accordance with the Regulation, we are providing you with the following information.  1. The Data Controller and Data Processors  The Data controllers are Geox S.p.A., with registered office at Via Feltrina Centro 16,  31044 Biadene di Montebelluna, Treviso (Italy) - Treviso Companies’ Register no. Imp. , Tax  Identification and VAT no. IT03348440268, Share Capital €25,920,733.10 fully paid up and  co-data controllers, limited to sales, invoicing and delivery purposes, with the following  companies of the Geox group:  • Geox Retail S.r.l., via Feltrina Centro 16, 33144 Montebelluna, VAT Code  • Geox Deutschland GmbH, Wilhelm-Wagenfeld-Strasse 22 - 80807 München  Registernummer/Register no.: HRB 155937 USt-IdNr: DE813486969  • Geox AT GmbH, Seilerstätte 16, 1010 Wien, Österreich Handelsgericht Wien,  FN 355622 z VAT: ATU66105458  • GEOX RESPIRA S.L., Sociedad unipersonal Pasaje Permanyer n.5 08009  Barcelona, España VAT Code B62826425  • Geox France Sarl, 432 Avenue André Lasquin, 74700 Sallanches France, VAT  • Geox Holland B.V., Claudius Prinsenlaan 144,4818 CP Breda, The  Netherlands, Vat L808308415B01 and its branches  • Geox Poland S.r.o., ul. Postępu 12, 02-676 Warszawa, The District Court of  the Capital City of Warsaw in Warsaw, XIII Business Division of the National Court  Register, , KRS no. 392726, VAT PL (NIP) 527 26 61 853  • Geox Hungary KFT, Kálvin tér 12. III. em., 1085 Budapest – Hungary,  Registration number: 01-09-675970, Tax number: 11773250-2-42 – EU VAT number: HU11773250  • Geox Suisse SA, Via Balestra, 27 – CH 6900 LUGANO, VAT Code  CHE-109.592.205, Mail Box 5722, CH – 6901 LUGANO,  • Geox U.K. Ltd, 6th Floor Kildare House, 3 Dorset Rise, London EC4Y 8EN,  UK, VAT number GB 779093087, Registered in England and Wales - Company number 4303095  You may request further information by writing to privacy@geox.com. When we refer to  c” below, we are referring to Geox S.p.A. and the companies of the Geox group.  For purely organisational and functional requirements, we have appointed certain  service providers to manage the Website as external personal data processors. This is  strictly for purposes related and connected to the services provided by the Website,  including the sale of products. A complete list of external data processors appointed by  Geox may be obtained by contacting privacy@geox.com.  2. Types of Personal Data Processed  Registration is not required in order to access the Website. However, there are sections of  the Website that require registration or the use of a username and password (e.g., to log  in to the My Geox reserved area, or to complete the online purchasing process), or services  for which you need to provide your details (e.g. your personal data may be requested to  access newsletter services, to contact us, etc.). Click here for further information. With  reference to data relating to navigation within the Website, see also point 7 below  concerning the Profiling Tools used by the Website.  3. Optional provision of personal data  The provision of personal data is generally optional. In certain cases only, the failure to  provide personal data may make it impossible to access specific services and obtain what  you have requested (e.g. registration - and the provision of personal data, e-mail address,  postal address, credit/debit card data or bank details and telephone number - is required  to purchase products online); failure to provide such data may therefore prevent Geox from  allowing you to access the Website's services or to respond to users' requests.  The data necessary in each case are indicated in the data collection forms t on the Website  - e.g., indicated with a (*) - and the consequences of their not being provided are set out  in the specific notices on the data collection pages.  Data are collected and processed for purposes strictly related to the use of the Website,  its services and the purchase of products online. The purposes for which the data are used  are detailed in the specific policy statements provided by the Website whenever there is  data collection. We would ask that you read the policy statements which in each case  explain the characteristics of the data processing that will be performed (e.g. for  registration for the newsletter service, to access My Geox, for Geox products sold online).  Your data shall be processed in full compliance with privacy legislation.  5. Method, length of data processing and scope of communication  Data may be processed in both electronic and paper form (e.g. for the handling of purchases  on the Website). Geox guarantees that the personal data provided through the Website will  be processed lawfully and properly, in full compliance with applicable legislation, and  that the data provided during registration kept strictly confidentially. All information  collected is transmitted through a secure connection to prevent interception by outsiders.  We implement security measures to ensure the security of the Website.  Any data provided by users shall be processed for the length of time specified in the  specific policy statements provided at the time of data collection.  With regard to the retention times for data collected through the use of profiling tools  (e.g. cookies), please see our Cookie Policy.  The data shall not be communicated or disseminated to third parties except within the  limits and conditions expressly indicated in the policy statements provided in each case  and subject to your authorisation.  6. Links to other websites  This information is provided only for the website www.geox.com and not for any other  websites that a user may access through a link. Geox cannot be held liable for personal  data provided by users to external parties or any websites linked to this Website.  7. Profiling and/or targeting tools  Geox shall not transmit any communications of a promotional and/or advertising nature Geox  shall not transmit any communications of a promotional and/or advertising nature.  The Website uses “cookies”, ”, which may be technical (i.e. to facilitate  navigation and use of the Website) and/or profiling (i.e. to analyse users and their  behaviours and preferences, and provide them with personalised advertising)..  For a detailed explanation of cookies used by this Website and how to deactivate them,  please read our Cookie Policy.  8. Place of data processing  The data processing connected with the services provided by the Website are carried out: (i)  at the headquarters of Geox S.p.A. indicated in point 1 above and are carried out by  expressly authorised data processing personnel; (ii) by companies providing services  related to the management of the Website, appointed as external data processors. A complete  list of external data processors appointed by Geox can be obtained by contacting privacy@geox.com.  To enable us to properly manage our Website, your personal data will be transferred to  countries outside the European Union, such as the United States.  Your data will be transferred in full compliance with the guarantees, safeguards and rights  provided by privacy legislation. For more information on the transfer of your data and the  guarantees provided for their protection please write to privacy@geox.com.  9. Rights of data subjects  By e-mail to be sent to privacy@geox.com, you may at  time exercise the rights set out in Articles 15 to 22 of the Regulation. Articles 15 to  22 of the Regulation recognise specific rights including:  - confirmation as to whether personal data concerning you is being processed;  - access to your personal data and the information indicated in Article 15 of the  - rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you without undue delay or  completion of incomplete personal data;  - erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay;  - restriction of processing of personal data concerning you;  - notification regarding rectification, erasure or restriction of processing of personal  - the right to receive the personal data concerning you in a structured, commonly used  - the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to  processing of personal data concerning you..  You can also, as appropriate, always:  - object to the processing of your data, particularly for marketing purposes or the  analysis of your purchasing habits or preferences,  10. Who to contact in the case of a complaint  If you believe that the processing of your data violates the provisions of the  Regulation, you may always make a complaint to the Italian Data Protection Authority (www.garanteprivacy.it),  or to the Data Protection Authority of the country in which you reside, work or,  finally, of the place where you believe the violation occurred.  This Privacy Policy is governed by EU Regulation 679/2016 and Italian law. The  Regulation ensures that the processing of personal data is carried out in accordance  with the fundamental rights and freedoms and the dignity of data subjects, with  particular reference to confidentiality, personal identity and their personal data  Geox reserves the right to revise, amend or simply update this Privacy Policy, in whole  or in part, at its sole discretion, in any manner and/or at any time, without notice,  including to take account of changes to the law or regulations regarding the protection  of personal data. Users will be notified of changes and updates to the Privacy Policy  by (i) ) e-mailing them to users registered on the Website or (ii)publishing  them on the homepage of the Website; they will be binding as soon as published and  communicated. Please access this section regularly for publication of the most recent  and updated Privacy Policy or check your e-mail.  EU Regulation 679/2016 General Data Protection Regulation  cookies and similar technologies for the following purposes:  1. enable the proper functioning of the Website and the provision of the services it  2. perform statistical analysis to understand and improve the user’s browsing  3. analyse the preferences and navigation of users visiting the Website in order to  advertisements in line with the preferences expressed during web browsing.enable the  functioning of the Website and the provision of the services it contains;  The information below relates both to the use of “cookies” and to other tracking tools that  may be used (except where otherwise indicated).  More information about who we are, how we process personal data, how you can contact us and  rights are can be found in the Privacy Policy accessible from the privacy section of  1. What is a cookie  Cookies are text files that are sent from a web server (i.e. the computer where the website  ‘hosted’) to the user’s browser (Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Opera,  and stored on the device, whether fixed or mobile, used for browsing. The cookie allows the  identify the user’s device, through the information stored in it, each time the user  Through the use of cookies (or other tracking tools) we can make it easier for you to  Website, as well as analyse your preferences and tastes by verifying your navigation  activities), and consequently offer you a promotion of products and services that are more  with your interests and expectations (e.g. by displaying advertisements in line with your  Cookies can be either “session” cookies (when they are only stored for the duration of the  browsing session and are deleted when the browser is closed), or “persistent” cookies (when  stored for a longer period of time, until they expire or are deleted by the user).  Cookies or other tracking tools may be either “first party” (when they are created and used  owner of the website that issued them and are not transferred to third parties) or “third  they are issued and managed by parties other than Geox).  Cookies and tracking tools do not collect information that directly identifies the  fact, trace any personal information that directly identifies the user (e.g. name, surname)  provided directly by the user.  An example of other tracking tools is ‘tracking pixels’, small pieces of code integrated  website which, once downloaded onto the user’s browser, allow the social media provider  to monitor the user’s session, collecting data for analysis and user profiling purposes.  2. What types of cookies (or tracking tools) the Website uses  Cookies and technical or necessary tools  These are the cookies used to ensure navigation and therefore the telematic transmission of  network are strictly necessary for the provision of the services provided by the Website.  By using these cookies we can facilitate the user browsing withing the Website, for example  the data provided by the user while filling in the forms on the Website (user input  recognise the user after they logged-in the Website (cookies for authentication), to  interface of the site on the basis of user preferences, to collect aggregate information  number of visitors to the site and the most visited pages (analytics cookies used with  partial obscuration of the IP), etc..  These cookies may be both first-party and third-party cookies and do not require the user’s  express consent as they are strictly necessary to provide the service requested by the user  These are cookies that are used to create profiles of the user, for example, in order to send  advertisements that are consistent with the user’s preferences (e.g. by using these cookies,  will be able to see advertisements for the products in which they have expressed an interest  sites). They can be either first-party cookies or third-party cookies; session or persistent  Other tracking tools (e.g. Facebook pixels) also work in a similar way (e.g. by allowing  to be displayed to the user on the social network).  The use of these cookies and tools requires the express and informed consent of the user.  Please note that your consent will only be required when you first access the Website:  will use a technical cookie to store your consent so that you can access the Website pages  you return. Your consent may be withdrawn at any time in the manner specified in paragraph 3  No other user profiling tools are used on this Website (e.g. spyware).  Analytical cookies, including third-party cookies, allow us to understand how the site is  These cookies do not collect information about your identity or any personal data. The  processed in aggregate and anonymous form through the use of partial IP obscuration  opt-out mechanisms are not in place, the use of these cookies will require the express and  The Website uses both “first-party” cookies and tracing instruments, i.e. issued by Geox and  Website, and “third-party” cookies and tracing instruments (e.g. Google Analytics, Social  cookies, etc.), i.e. instruments issued and managed by subjects other than Geox.  On the Website you can also find social buttons/widgets (social plug-ins), i.e. those  ‘buttons’ depicting the icons of social networks such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, etc..  buttons allow users who are browsing the Website to reach and interact with social networks  Please read paragraph 7 for a detailed list of (i) the types and  cookies/tracking tools, (ii) their characteristics and purposes and (iii)  When accessing the Website, the user is shown a warning banner regarding cookies and other  The banner provides summary information that allows the user to understand which  and for what purposes; in addition, by using the “settings” button the user can also check  which types of cookies and tools are used.  The user is therefore free to choose whether and which cookies and other tracking tools to  The banner will only be displayed when you access the Website for the first time.  use a technical cookie to store the consent you have already given so that you can directly  NB: consent may be revoked at any time by simply accessing this  Website dedicated to privacy and accessible by selecting the  the bottom of each page of the Website.  To view the status of your consent or to change your consent, please go  to the following paragraph 7  4. Deactivating/deleting cookies via web browser  You can in any case deactivate/activate or delete cookies at any time by using the settings  of your web browser. In particular, if you do not wish to receive cookies, you can set your  browser to warn you when a cookie is being sent, so that you can decide whether to accept it  or not; you can also automatically refuse all cookies by activating the appropriate option  in your browser. You can also delete specific cookies that have already been stored within  your browser, or block specific websites from storing cookies on your computer, or block  Each browser (Firefox, Chrome, Edge, Safari, Opera, etc.) has its own method of managing  cookies: in the settings or preferences panel, it is possible to modify/manage the  parameters relating to cookies and/or delete them.  In order to do this, it is necessary to consult the information in the browser’s user manual  (Help Page) or click on the following links:  You can also manage your cookie preferences at http://www.youronlinechoices.com  5. Who will have access to your data  The data collected via cookies and other tracking tools will not be disclosed to the public  processed by specifically authorised persons within Geox (in particular the CRM, e-commerce  In order to manage the Website and, if you give your consent, to analyse your preferences,  navigation and to allow you to view content and promotional announcements that may be of  you. The data will be processed by (i) companies in charge of managing the Website  files, and (ii) providers of computer services. These subjects will act as Data  The data may be transmitted to social networks (e.g. Facebook, Instagram, etc.) in order to  to be shared on the social networks (e.g. if you use the sharing function - the social  will be able to share the content that interests you within your social profile), or to  promotional and advertising content when you visit the social networks (e.g. the social  you advertisements relating to Geox and the products that you have viewed). For such  Social Networks will process your data - as joint controllers (art. 26 of the GDPR) - to the  necessary to allow you to share content on your social page or to display  For more information on the processing carried out by Social Networks, please check the  provided by your social network (which can also be viewed by selecting the name of the  from the list in paragraph 7 below).  6. What are your rights  By writing to privacy@geox.com, you may at any time  rights under Articles 15 to 22 of the Regulation, including:  - obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being  - obtain access to your personal data (e.g. by requesting what data is processed, for  purposes and in what manner);  - obtain the rectification of inaccurate personal data or the integration of  - obtain the erasure of your personal data (where applicable);  - obtain the restriction of the processing of your personal data (where applicable);  - receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable  You can also object to the processing of your data at any time, in particular for analysis  or marketing purposes, and revoke your consent (see section 3).  7. Details of the cookies and tracking tools used by the Website. Modification of your consent  In order to allow you to make a free and informed choice, we indicate below (i) the  identification of cookies/tracking tools, (ii) their characteristics and purposes and  Geox.com uses cookies. We use technical cookies necessary for the proper functioning of the site and, if you provide us with your consent, cookies and other profiling and tracking tools to analyse navigation, customise content and advertisements in line with your preferences, provide social media features. If you select ACCEPT ALL you will enjoy personalised browsing based on your tastes and interests. By selecting SETTINGS, you will be able to choose which cookies and other tracking tools to allow, or to leave only the necessary technical ones. For more information or to change your settings at any time, please visit our  Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your agreement.Geox.com uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Policy on our website.Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. https://www.geox.com/en-GB/privacy Your consent applies to the following domains: www.geox.com Your current state: Deny. Your current state: Do Not Sell My Personal Information. Your current state: Allow selection (Necessary, Preferences, Statistics, Marketing). Your current state: Allow all. Your consent ID: 0Consent date: Change your consent  |  Withdraw your consentDo Not Sell My Personal InformationCookie declaration last updated on 05/08/2021 by Cookiebot:  Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.  Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type  __cf_bm Mgid This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. 1 day HTTP Cookie  __cq_dnt Geox This opt-out cookie identifies if the visitor has deselected any cookies, trackers or other audience targeting tools. Session HTTP Cookie  _ga Google Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 2 years HTTP Cookie  _gat Google Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate 1 day HTTP Cookie  _gid Google Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 1 day HTTP Cookie  _grecaptcha Geox This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Persistent HTML Local Storage  _GRECAPTCHA Google This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. 179 days HTTP Cookie  CookieConsent Cookiebot Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 1 year HTTP Cookie  cqcid Geox Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status.  dw Geox This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. 30 days HTTP Cookie  dw_cookies_accepted Geox This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Session HTTP Cookie  gdpr aralego.com Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry.  gdpr_status Media.net Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry.  geox-current-country Geox Pending 30 days HTTP Cookie  geox-current-language Geox Pending 30 days HTTP Cookie  geox-current-site Geox Pending 30 days HTTP Cookie  Hotjar Geox Hotjar tracks the pages visited and the actions (clicks, mouse movements in real time and page scrolling) carried out by the user on the page, as well as the type of device and the browser used to view the site. Hotjar does not record any personal information; data transmission is therefore completely anonymous and no profiling activities are performed. Link to the statement: https://www.hotjar.com/privacy 30 days HTTP Cookie  ku1-sid eu-library.klarnaservices.com This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website.  ku1-vid eu-library.klarnaservices.com This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website.  ku3-vid babea371.klarnauserservices.com This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website.  opt_out Nativo Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website.  rc::a Google This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Persistent HTML Local Storage  rc::b Google This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.  rc::c Google This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.  sid Geox Preserves users states across page requests. Session HTTP Cookie  Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.  Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type  _hjTLDTest Hotjar Detects the SEO-ranking for the current website. This service is part of a third-party statistics and analysis service.  cq.recoUUID Salesforce Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.  cq.viewCategory Salesforce Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.  fpls_ga_bnd assets.livestory.io Pending 1 year HTTP Cookie  fpls_ga_cid assets.livestory.io Pending 1 year HTTP Cookie  weird_get_top_level_domain Salesforce The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language. Session HTTP Cookie  Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.  Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type  _hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress Hotjar This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. 1 day HTTP Cookie  _hjFirstSeen Hotjar This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. 1 day HTTP Cookie  _hjid Hotjar Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. 1 year HTML Local Storage  _hjIncludedInPageviewSample Hotjar Determines if the user's navigation should be registered in a certain statistical place holder. 1 day HTTP Cookie  _hjIncludedInSessionSample Hotjar Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.  _hjRecordingLastActivity Geox Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Session HTML Local Storage  dwac_# Geox Pending Session HTTP Cookie  dwanonymous_UID{32} Geox This cookie contains a specific ID on the visitor in order to distinguish visitors. This information allows the website to remember the visitor’s preferences, settings and secures the functionality of the shopping basket. 179 days HTTP Cookie  hjViewportId Geox Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Session HTML Local Storage  oo Facebook Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator.  PugT Pubmatic Used to determine the number of times the cookies have been updated in the visitor's browser. Used to optimize the website's server efficiency.  VID Mail.ru Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content - This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor.  visitor-id Media.net This cookie is used to collect information on the visitor. This information will be stored for internal analytics at the website's operator – Internal analytics is used by websites to optimize their domains. 1 year HTTP Cookie  vuid Vimeo Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. 2 years HTTP Cookie  yandexuid Yandex Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.  Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.  Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type  __anact Geox Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services.  __cq_bc Salesforce Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. 29 days HTTP Cookie  Salesforce Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient.  __cq_uuid Salesforce Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.  __ID Revcontent Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. 50 years HTTP Cookie  _fbp Facebook Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. 3 months HTTP Cookie  _gcl_au Google Tag Manager Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.  _hjRecordingEnabled Geox This cookie is used to identify the visitor and optimize ad-relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. Session HTML Local Storage  _li_ss Liveintent Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. 29 days HTTP Cookie  _pin_unauth Pinterest Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. 1 year HTTP Cookie  _pinterest_ct_ua Pinterest Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. 1 year HTTP Cookie  A3 Yahoo Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. 1 year HTTP Cookie  ads/ga-audiences Google Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Session Pixel Tracker  AFFICHE_W Weborama Used by the advertising platform Weborama to determine the visitor's interests based on pages visits, content clicked and other actions on the website. 13 months HTTP Cookie  anj Appnexus Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. 3 months HTTP Cookie  AOLYahoo Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. 1 year HTTP Cookie  APIDTS Yahoo Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor.  c Bidswitch Regulates synchronisation of user identification and exchange of user data between various ad services. 1 year HTTP Cookie  C Adform Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. 30 days HTTP Cookie  cct Ströer Pending 1 year HTTP Cookie  CMID Casalemedia Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. 1 year HTTP Cookie  CMPRO Casalemedia Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.  CMPS Casalemedia Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. 3 months HTTP Cookie  CMRUM3 Casalemedia Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. 1 year HTTP Cookie  CMST Casalemedia Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. 1 day HTTP Cookie  cookieJartestCookie Outbrain Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing.  cq.anchor Salesforce Determines which products the user has viewed, allowing the website to promote related products.  cq.viewReco Salesforce Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.  cquid Geox Determines which products the user has viewed, allowing the website to promote related products.  Outbrainmeba.krtpmn.co.kr Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.  criteo_write_test Criteo Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. 1 day HTTP Cookie  cto_bundle Criteo Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. 13 months HTML Local Storage  cto_tld_test Criteo Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.  data-c Media.net Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. 29 days HTTP Cookie  data-c-ts Media.net Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. 29 days HTTP Cookie  dw_dnt Geox Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Session HTTP Cookie  dwsid Geox This cookie is set to count the number of times a specific visitor is shown a specific ad – the cookie enables the advertisers to differentiate the specific ads shown and thereby making the advertising more efficient. Session HTTP Cookie  fr Facebook Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. 3 months HTTP Cookie  id Yieldlab Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. 1 year HTTP Cookie  IDE Google Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. 1 year HTTP Cookie  IDSYNC Oath Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.  igodigitalstdomain Salesforce Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. 1 day HTTP Cookie  igodigitaltc2 Salesforce Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. 10 years HTTP Cookie  KRTBCOOKIE_# Pubmatic Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. 3 months HTTP Cookie  lidid Liveintent Collects data on visitors' behaviour and interaction - This is used to make advertisement on the website more relevant. The cookie also allows the website to detect any referrals from other websites.  mg_sync Mgid Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks. 29 days HTTP Cookie  MUID Microsoft Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. 1 year HTTP Cookie  muidn Mgid Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. 6010 days HTTP Cookie  na_id Oracle Used to recognize the visitor upon re-entry. This allows the website to register the visitor’s behaviour and facilitate the social sharing function provided by Addthis.com.  obuid Outbrain Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.  ouid Oracle Sets an ID-string for the specific visitor. This is used to recognize the visitor upon re-entry. This allows the website to register the visitor’s behaviour and facilitate the social media sharing function provided by Addthis.com.  pagead/1p-user-list/# Google Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Session Pixel Tracker  Google Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.  PUBMDCID Pubmatic Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. 3 months HTTP Cookie  pxrc LiveRamp This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.  rlas3 LiveRamp Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. 1 year HTTP Cookie  stx_user_id Sharethrough Sets a unique ID for a specific visitor. This ID can be used to recognize the visitor upon re-entry and implement any preference choices made. The cookie also allows the website to track the visitor on multiple websites for marketing purposes.  t/v2/activity Xaxis Detects whether partner data synchronization is functioning and currently running - This function sends user data between third-party advertisement companies for the purpose of targeted advertisements.  t_gid Taboola This cookie assigns a specific visitor ID, when the visitor interacts with ads or content from the website - this allows the website to target the visitor with similar ads or content. 1 year HTTP Cookie  TapAd_3WAY_SYNCS Tapad Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks. 2 months HTTP Cookie  TapAd_DID Tapad Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user. 2 months HTTP Cookie  TapAd_TS Tapad Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user. 2 months HTTP Cookie  test_cookie Google Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. 1 day HTTP Cookie  tluid TripleLift This cookie is used to identify the visitor and optimize ad-relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. 3 months HTTP Cookie  tr Facebook Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Session Pixel Tracker  tu Ströer Used to target ads by registering the user's movements across websites. 1 year HTTP Cookie  Improve DigitalBidswitch Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. 3 months HTTP Cookie  Improve DigitalBidswitch Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times.  OracleAdformadtdp.comadx.dable.ioCriteoAmobee Creates a unique, machine-generated user ID. AddThis, which is owned by Clearspring Technologies, uses the user ID to make it possible for the user to share content across social networks and provide detailed statistics to various providers. 1 year HTTP Cookie  um Improve Digital Registers the visitor's behavior on social media - can be used to optimize ad-relevance and general targeting. 3 months HTTP Cookie  umeh Improve Digital Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.  uu Ströer Used to target ads by registering the user's movements across websites. 1 year HTTP Cookie  Salesforcetpmn.co.kr This cookie is used to optimize ad relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. 1 year HTTP Cookie  uuid2 Appnexus Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. 3 months HTTP Cookie  v1_151 Revcontent Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting.  v3 Pinterest Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. Session Pixel Tracker  xid I-Mobile Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. 1 year HTTP Cookie  yuidss Yandex Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. 10 years HTTP Cookie  Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.  Name Provider Purpose Expiry Type  __auid admixer.co.kr Pending 2 years HTTP Cookie  __cqact Geox Pending Session HTTP Cookie  __id_inf_101 admixer.co.kr Pending 2 years HTTP Cookie  __id_utm admixer.co.kr Pending 2 years HTTP Cookie  __puid_101 admixer.co.kr Pending 2 years HTTP Cookie  b1004 as.amanad.adtdp.com Pending 6 days HTTP Cookie  b1005 as.amanad.adtdp.com Pending 6 days HTTP Cookie  BID toast.com Pending 10375 days HTTP Cookie  c2/500008599/track_page_view Salesforce Pending Session Pixel Tracker  c2/500008650/track_page_view Salesforce Pending Session Pixel Tracker  igodigitalst_500008599 Salesforce Pending 1 day HTTP Cookie  igodigitalst_500008650 Salesforce Pending 1 day HTTP Cookie  M_SID meba.kr Pending 13 months HTTP Cookie  mCookie Mediawallah Pending 2 years HTTP Cookie  mUserCookie Mediawallah Pending 2 years HTTP Cookie  pfxid adtdp.com Pending 2 years HTTP Cookie  pfxids_criteo caprofitx.adtdp.com Pending 2 years HTTP Cookie  pr adtdp.com Pending 2 years HTTP Cookie  sb_widget Geox Pending Session HTTP Cookie  TGPRTB nate.com Pending 29 days HTTP Cookie  For further information on the processing of your data through the Website, please  and read our Privacy Policy .  Art. 13 of EU Regulation 679/2016, General Data Protection Regulation  Who Processes Your Personal Data?  Geox S.p.A. is the data controller and the Geox group company responsible for the sale and  delivery of “Geox” brand products in your country (that its, companies subject directly or  indirectly to the management and control of Geox S.p.A. to which we delegate sales,  delivery and invoicing functions) are the co-Data Controllers, (hereinafter “Geox”),  pursuant to EU Regulation 679/2016 General Data Protection Regulation (the  Here is the list of companies selling Geox products in the country you  Why Do We Process Your Data?  The data you are providing us with by completing the purchase process on the website  www.geox.com are necessary in order to:  1. complete the sale of the selected products and to execute the contract entered into;  2. fulfil tax and accounting obligations relating to your purchase (e.g. in relation to  3. handle any after-sales services (e.g. customer service).  Your data will be processed without your consent to enable us to sell and deliver the  products pursuant to Article 6(1) (b) of the Regulation.  Are all the requested data necessary?  Please provide all requested data marked as “mandatory” as they are necessary to manage  your purchases; in the event of failure to provide the data or if the data are  incomplete, your purchase cannot be completed. Failure to complete the data marked as  “optional” will not have any consequences.  How Do We Process Your Data?  Your data will be processed primarily electronically to manage your purchases.  Data will be processed in accordance with applicable legislation and, in any case, in  such a way as to guarantee the security and confidentiality, and prevent the  unauthorised disclosure or use, of the data, as well as to prevent its alteration or  How long do we keep your data?  Your data will be processed for as long as it is necessary to manage and complete your  purchases, and thereafter in compliance with tax and accounting obligations;  subsequently the data will be deleted or rendered anonymous.  Your data will not be disseminated. In order to manage your purchases, your data may  become known (limited to their respective area of responsibility) to persons authorised  to process Geox data, and to companies that Geox entrusts to manage the sales, payment  and delivery functions for the products, appointed as external Data Processors. A  complete list can be requested from privacy@geox.com.  Is your data is transmitted outside the European Union?  To enable us to properly manage our website, www.geox.com, your personal data may be  transferred to countries outside the European Union, such as the United States.  Your data will be transferred in full compliance with the guarantees, safeguards and  rights provided by privacy legislation. Upon simple request, you can receive further  information on the transfer of your data and the safeguards provided for the protection  You may exercise your rights under Articles 15 to 22 of the Regulation at any time. by  confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you is being processed;  access to your personal data;  rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you or completion of  the erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay;  restriction of processing of personal data concerning you;  notification regarding rectification, erasure or restriction of processing of  the right to receive personal data in a structured, commonly used and  You may also, as appropriate, always:  object to the processing of your data, particularly for marketing purposes or  the analysis of your purchasing habits or preferences  Who can you contact in the case of a complaint?  If you believe that the processing of your data violates the provisions of the  Regulation, you can always submit a complaint to the Italian Data Protection Authority  or to the Data Protection Authority of the country in which you reside, work, or  ultimately in the place where you believe the violation occurred  How can you contact the Data Protection Officer?  The Data Protection Officer may be contacted at the e-mail address dpo@geox.com.  MY GEOX - PRIVACY POLICY  Art. 13 of EU Regulation 679/2016 General Data Protection Regulation  Dear Customer, below we provide you with detailed information on how we process your data.  Who processes your personal data?  Geox S.p.A. is the Data Controller of your personal data and the companies of Geox  group - that is, companies subject directly or indirectly to Geox’s  to which we delegate the sales, delivery and invoicing functions - are the co-Data  Controllers which perform data processing solely for  the purposes of carrying out the sale and delivery of our products, pursuant to EU  Regulation 679/2016 General Data Protection Regulation (the “Regulation”).  How to contact us and the Data Protection Officer  If you have any questions, need information or wish to exercise your rights, you can contact  us by sending an e-mail to privacy@geox.com or by  writing to: Geox S.p.A., Customer Service, Via Feltrina Centro n. 16, 31044, Biadene di  You can contact the Data Protection Officer at the following e-mail address:  Why do we process your data?  Your personal data will be used for the following purposes:  to enable you to create your personal My Geox account and access the  services and benefits reserved for members (e.g. making purchasing faster  and with “fast checkout”, checking your purchase history, linking your  account to your Benefeet profile, etc.).  The processing is necessary for the contractual relationship to be  performed/ the services to be used  To purchase the products on our website and therefore to manage the  order; the delivery of the product (e.g. through the geox@home service or  other omnichannel services made available by Geox); the payment (e.g. if an  invoice is issued); the after-sales service; the crediting of  points/vouchers/discounts if you are a benefeet customer.  The processing is necessary for the contractual relationship to be  performed/ the services to be used  to send you service communications which are strictly related to your  MyGeox account and to any purchases you may have made.  Such service communications shall not include promotional content unless you  have given your consent for marketing purposes.  The processing is necessary for the contractual relationship to be performed  to update you (by means of newsletter, e-mail, telephone, instant  messages, paper mail, messages or communications of initiatives on social  networks, etc.) on our products, services (e.g. purchasing methods, home  delivery, etc.) or initiatives (e.g. competitions), and send you  advertising and promotional material, including personalised  material (if you have given your explicit consent), as well as make  you take part in market research to check your level of satisfaction  with our products and/or services.  The processing is based on your optional consent.  to allow us to analyse your data, interests and purchasing  preferences to improve our commercial offer and send you  personalised advertising and promotional material.  The processing is based on your optional consent.  to defend a legal claim (including in court) and/or prevent and  verify whether fraud or other unlawful acts have occurred.  The processing is based on Geox’s legitimate interest in complying with the  Geox Terms and Conditions and in preventing fraud or unlawful conduct.  to process data in aggregated and anonymous form for statistical  The processing is based on Geox’s legitimate interest in analysing the  About data and necessary consent  The “mandatory” data marked with (*) are necessary to enable us to create your  personal MyGeox account and manage your purchases. Your identification as a registered user  of MyGeox while purchasing a product is “optional” but, if you decide not to  identify yourself, you will not be able to take advantage of the reserved services (e.g.  making your purchases more quickly and with “fast checkout”).  Any consent you give is “optional” and shall always be freely revocable and,  if you do not wish to give them, you can still register with MyGeox, but we will not be able  to update you on our products, services or initiatives, send you advertising material,  analyse your interests and preferences, send you personalised communications, contact you  You can withdraw any consent you gave at any time by writing to privacy@geox.com or simply by accessing your personal  MyGeox account. If you no longer wish to receive commercial communications by e-mail,  you can also use the unsubscribe  link contained in each e-mail.  How do we process your data?  The data required to join MyGeox will be used to manage your registration and  If you give us your consent, we may analyse your data (e.g. from your purchases), in order  to understand your tastes and preferences (e.g. by analysing which products you have  purchased, when you make your purchases and how, etc.), so that we can improve and send you  interesting offers, including personalised offers (for example, if you have purchased  women’s footwear in the past, we may send you our new Women’s Catalogue, or promotions on  women’s products or products to match your previous purchases, etc.). Please note that all  of our data analytics concerning your preferences will not only be automated, but will  always be carried out and assessed by our company representatives.  Geox may carry out specific, non-continuous checks to verify compliance with the Geox Terms  and Conditions, the correct use of the reserved advantages and of the services used, and to  protect itself against fraudulent conduct, in compliance with the governing law and with the  current corporate procedures and regulations.  How long do we keep your data?  Your personal data and the data needed to register with MyGeox are stored for the duration of  your membership. If you do not use your personal account for more than 5 years, your data  and membership will be deleted.  The details of your purchases will be:  - stored for 36 months for the legal warranty on purchased products;  - stored within the time limits required by law for meeting any tax and accounting  - stored for 36 months to analyse your preferences or to send you advertising material and  commercial communications (only if you provide us with your explicit consent). If you  withdraw your consent, your data will only be processed for the other purposes mentioned  Who will have access to your data  Your data will not be disseminated to the public.  To manage your registration at MyGeox and, if you have given your consent, in order to  follow up the additional purposes to which you have consented, your data will only be  processed by persons Geox has specifically authorised to process data (particularly with  regard to CRM, e-commerce, and Information Technology), as well as, in their capacity as  Data Processors, by (i) companies that analyse your purchases; (ii) companies  responsible for the handling of “Customer Service” (iii) companies responsible  for the preparation, handling and sending of newsletters, advertising and promotional  materials; (iv) companies that organise and manage market research; (v)  companies responsible for the management of our website and electronic archives; (vi)  suppliers of IT services; (vii) companies that are part of the Geox group and that  operate their retail outlets in Italy and abroad, or logistics suppliers. A complete list  can be requested from privacy@geox.com.  Data may also be communicated to financial institutions (e.g. for transaction  management) and, if you give us your consent for marketing purposes, your e-mail address may  be temporarily disclosed - in encrypted and secure form - to social networks (e.g. Facebook,  Instagram, etc.) which will process your data to the extent necessary to display news or  Transfer of your data outside the European Union  For all the above mentioned purposes, your personal data will be transferred to countries  outside the European Union, in particular the United Kingdom and the USA. This transfer will  in any case take place in full compliance with the guarantees, measures and rights as  defined by the European Commission and provided for in the privacy legislation -  particularly, on the basis of adequacy decisions, of the Binding Corporate Rules adopted by  Geox suppliers, or by virtue of the signing of the contractual clauses approved by the  European Commission in compliance with the additional measures indicated at European level.  By writing to privacy@geox.com you will be able to  request more information about the transfer of your data and the guarantees provided for  You may at any time exercise the rights set out in Articles 15 to 22 of the Regulation by  obtaining confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being  obtaining access to your personal data (e.g. by requesting which data are processed,  for what purposes and in what manner);  obtaining the rectification of inaccurate personal data or completion of incomplete  - obtaining the erasure of personal data concerning you (where applicable);  obtaining the erasure of personal data concerning you (where applicable);  obtaining the restriction of the processing of personal data concerning you (where  receiving your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format  You may also object at any time to the processing of your data, particularly for the purpose  of analysing your purchasing habits or preferences, or for marketing purposes, and withdraw  the consent given (by contacting us or by using the "unsubscribe"  contained in each e-mail and modifying the consent given in your personal MyGeox  Who can you contact in the case of a complaint?  If you believe that the processing of your personal data violates the provisions of the  General Data Protection Regulation, you can always lodge a complaint with the Italian Data  Protection Authority (www.garanteprivacy.it), or, if different, to  the Data Protection Authority of the country in which you reside or work, or of the place  where you believe the breach has occurred.  Article 13 of EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation  Dear Customer, we provide below all the information you need to understand how we process  Who is the Data Controller?  Geox S.p.A. (“Geox”), with registered office at Via Feltrina Centro n. 16, Biadene di  Italy, privacy@geox.com, is the company that processes  personal data in its capacity as Data Controller.  How Can You Contact the Data Protection Officer?  If you have any questions, need information or wish to exercise your rights, you can contact  sending an e-mail to privacy@geox.comor by writing to:  S.p.A., Customer Service, Via Feltrina Centro n. 16, 31044, Biadene di Montebelluna (TV),  The Data Protection Officer may be contacted at the following e-mail address: dpo@geox.com.  Why Do We Process Your Data?  Your personal data will be used for the following purposes:  benefeet,loyalty programme on www.geox.com and  participating retail outlets (see list at www.geox.com); this gives  rewards, discounts, promotions, initiatives and dedicated services described  benefeet Rules (e.g. accumulate points with your purchases,  enjoy discounts and reserved services).  Processing is necessary to perform the contract for the loyalty programme.  (e.g. the geox@home service allowing home  products; dedicated after-sales service, etc.).  Processing is necessary for the performance/use of Geox’s services  Sending of service communications service communications  benefeet programme (e.g. reminders regarding points balance and  expiry dates of the points accumulation period and vouchers, birthday  Processing is necessary to perform the contract for the loyalty programme.  (through newsletters, e-mail, telephone, instant messages,  messages or communications of initiatives on social networks, etc.) on our  services (e.g. purchasing methods, home delivery, etc.) or initiatives (e.g.  competitions), and sending advertising and promotional material,  Processing is based on your optional consent.  Analysis of your data (and that of your children, if provided),  interests and your purchasing preferences in order to improve our  offering and send you personalised marketing and promotional material.  Processing is based on your optional consent.  Participation in market research - by e-mail or telephone - to  degree of satisfaction with our products and/or services.  Processing is based on your optional consent.  Defence of a right (including in court) and/or prevention and  Processing is based on Geox's legitimate interest in complying with the  benefeet programme and preventing fraud or unlawful conduct.  Processing of data for statistical purposes in aggregated and  The processing is based on Geox's legitimate interest in analysing its  The data and consents required  Data marked with an asterisk (*) are “mandatory” and are necessary to  join benefeet and guarantee your access to member-only promotions and services.  If you wish to accumulate points and accrue vouchers, you will need to indicate that you are  with benefeet at the time of your purchases; otherwise you can still complete your  we cannot record and process your purchases to accrue vouchers and/or discounts.  Providing consent is “optional” and can always be withdrawn. If you do  provide consent, you can still join the benefeet programme, but we will not be able to  products, services or initiatives, send you promotional material, analyse your interests and  preferences, send you personalised communications, contact you to carry out market research.  You may withdraw your consent at any time by writing to privacy@geox.com or simply by accessing your account  www.geox.com, in the benefeet section. . If you no longer wish to receive marketing  communications by e-mail, you can also unsubscribe through the link provided in all e-mails.  How Do We Process Your Data?  The data required to join benefeet will be used to grant you discounts (or rewards) by  your spending volumes (the amount of your receipts) with a score, in accordance with the  rules, as well as allowing you to access the benefits reserved for members (e.g. receiving a  If you give us your consent, we may analyse your information (such as purchase data), in  understand your tastes and preferences (e.g. by analysing which products you have bought,  your purchases and how, etc.), so that we can improve and send you interesting offers, and  personalise them (for example, if you have purchased women’s footwear in the past, we may  new Women's Catalogue, or promotions relating to women's products or accessories; if you  we may send you communications relating to products for children, etc.). Our analysis will  automated, but will always be carried out and assessed by our company representatives.  Geox may carry out specific and random checks to verify compliance with the benefeet  proper use of member-only advantages and the services used, and to protect itself against  conduct, in compliance with the applicable legislation, and corporate procedures and  How Long Do We Keep Your Data?  Your personal data used to join benefeetare stored for the term of your registration  programme, the rules of which are renewed from year to year. If you do not participate in  more than 5 years, your data and your membership will be deleted.  The details of your purchases will be:  - stored for 36 months for the legal warranty on the products purchased and for the  services associated with the purchases (e.g. the geox@home service, dedicated after-sales  - stored for 36 months to analyse your preferences or to send you advertising material and  communications (only if you give us your specific consent). If you withdraw your consent,  only be processed for the other purposes mentioned above.  Who Will Have Access to Your Data?  Your data will not be disclosed to the public.  In order to manage your membership to benefeet and to allow us to process your data for the  which you have provided us with your consent, your data shall be processed by persons  authorised by Geox (specifically, the CRM, e-commerce and information technology  outlets) and, in their capacity as Data Processors, by (i) companies that process the  discount vouchers as set forth in the benefeet Rules; (ii) companies that  purchases; (iii) companies in charge of customer service; (iv) companies  the preparation, handling and sending of newsletters, advertising and promotional materials;  companies that organise and manage market research; (vi) companies responsible for  of our website and related IT files;  (vii) suppliers of IT services (viii) companies that are part of the Geox  manage retail outlets in Italy and abroad, or that provide logistics services; (ix)  companies that manage franchised “Geox” stores. A complete list can be requested from privacy@geox.com.  Data may also be disclosed to financial institutions (e.g. for transactions related to  and, if you give us your consent for marketing purposes, your e-mail address may be  disclosed - in encrypted and secure form - to social networks (e.g. Facebook, Instagram,  will process your data to the extent necessary to display news or advertising relating to  Is Your Data Transmitted Outside the European Union?  For the purposes indicated above, your personal data will be transferred to countries outside  European Union, more specifically UK and USA. This transfer will take place in full  safeguards, measures and rights as defined by the European Commission and provided for in  legislation (more specifically, on the basis of adequacy decisions, Binding Corporate Rules  the suppliers used by Geox, or under standard contractual clauses approved by the European  compliance with the additional safeguards indicated at European level).  By writing to privacy@geox.com, you will be able to  information about the transfer of your data and the safeguards provided for their  By writing to privacy@geox.com comyou may exercise your  under Articles 15 to 22 of the Regulation at any time, including:  - confirmation as to whetere or not personal data concerning you is being processed;  - access to your personal data (e.g. by requesting information about the data being  purposes and in what manner);  - rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you or completion of incomplete  - the erasure of personal data concerning you (where applicable);  - restriction of processing of personal data concerning you (where applicable);  - restriction of processing of personal data concerning you (where applicable);  You may also object to the processing of your data at any time, particularly for the purpose  your purchasing habits or preferences, or for marketing purposes, and you may also withdraw  (by contacting us or using the “unsubscribe” link available in all e-mails, by changing the  given in through your account accessible at www.geox.com, in the benefeet section).  Who Can You Contact in the Case of a Complaint?  If you believe that the processing of your data violates the provisions of the Regulation,  submit a complaint to the Italian Data Protection Authority (www.garanteprivacy.it), or to the Data  Protection Authority of the country in which you reside, work, or ultimately in the place  Art. 13 of EU Regulation 679/2016, General Data Protection Regulation  Who Processes Your Personal Data?  Geox S.p.A., with registered office at via Feltrina Centro 16, Biadene di Montebelluna  (TV), Italy, Tax Identification, VAT, and Treviso Companies’ Register No. IT03348440268, is  the company that, in its capacity as Data Controller, collects and processes your personal  data pursuant to EU Regulation 679/2016 General Data Protection Regulation (the  Why Do We Process Your Data?  The information you are providing by filling out this electronic form is necessary in order  - update you (by sending the Newsletter, e-mail and instant messages, posts, messages or  notices about initiatives on social networks, etc.), on our products, services (e.g., how  to buy the products, home delivery, etc.) or initiatives (e.g., competitions),  - send you advertising and promotional materials,  Your data will be processed on the basis of your consent (pursuant to Article 6 (1) (a) of  the Regulation), and in accordance with the provisions and applicable measures – and  subsequent amendments thereto – issued by the Italian Data Protection Authority.  In order to contact you (and thus send you newsletters and other communications) we need  your explicit consent (pursuant to Article 6 (1) (a) of the Regulation). Your consent can  be freely withdrawn without prejudice to the lawfulness of the data processing prior to  withdrawal, using the appropriate link in all our newsletters or by writing to privacy@geox.com  or if you log in to My Geox, by accessing your reserved area.  Are all the requested data necessary?  Your e-mail address is necessary to contact you. Your preference for the type of newsletter  that you wish to receive (Men’s or Women’s) is helpful for sending you communications that  may be of interest to you.  How your data is processed?  Your data will be processed electronically in order to contact you, send you the Geox  newsletter, update you (including via social networks) regarding our products (e.g., new  collections), services (e.g., ways to purchase products, home delivery, etc.) and  initiatives (e.g., competitions), as well as to send you advertising and promotional  materials... For these purposes, your e-mail address may be used to ascertain whether you  are using social networks (e.g. Facebook) and, in this way, to display dedicated news or  Data will be processed in accordance with applicable legislation and, in any case, in such  a way as to guarantee the security and confidentiality, and prevent the unauthorised  disclosure or use, of the data, as well as to prevent the alteration or destruction of the  How long do we keep your data?  Your data will be processed for the entire time that you sign up to the newsletter service  at www.geox.com, or, in any event, until your consent is withdrawn (which may be at any  time); thereafter, the data will be destroyed or rendered anonymous.  Your data will not be disseminated. To allow you to receive our newsletter and to be  contacted by Geox, your data may be made known to the persons authorised to process Geox  S.p.A. data (limited to their respective area of responsibility), ands to the companies  that provide us with the data services required for managing our site or performing  marketing activities on our behalf.  Is your data is transmitted outside the European Union?  To enable us to properly manage our Website and our marketing activities, your personal data  will be transferred to countries outside the European Union, such as the USA[•].  Your data will be transferred in full compliance with the guarantees, safeguards and rights  provided by privacy legislation. With a simple request, you can receive further information  on the transfer of your data and the guarantees provided for the protection thereof.  You may exercise your rights under Articles 15 to 22 of the Regulation at any time.  by writing to privacy@geox.com, including:  - confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you is being  - access to your personal data;  - rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you or completion of  - the erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay;  - restriction of processing of personal data concerning you;  - notification regarding rectification, erasure or restriction of processing of  - the right to receive personal data in a structured, commonly used and  You may also, as appropriate, always:  - object to the processing of your data, particularly for marketing purposes or the  analysis of your purchasing habits or preferences,  Who can you contact in the case of a complaint?  If you believe that the processing of your data violates the provisions of the Regulation,  you may always make a complaint to the Italian Data Protection Authority (www.garanteprivacy.it), or to the Data  Protection Authority of the country in which you reside, work, or ultimately in the place  where you believe the violation occurred.  How can you contact the Data Protection Officer?  The Data Protection Officer may be contacted at the e-mail address dpo@geox.com  Pursuant to Article 13 of EU Regulation 2016/679, General Data Protection Regulation (the  “Regulation”), we hereby inform you that your personal data will be collected and  processed on paper, computer or electronic media, so as to ensure security and  confidentiality, and in order to manage your purchase with delivery to your home or at the  The data controller is the company of the Geox Group indicated in the proof of purchase  issued at the time of purchase of the product with delivery to the home or point of sale  (hereinafter “Geox”, the “Controller” or the “Company”).  The processing and communication of your personal data, for the purposes indicated, does not  require your consent pursuant to the Regulation.  We ask you to provide all the data requested as “mandatory” because they are  necessary to manage your purchase with home delivery or at the point of sale. Failure to  fill in the data indicated as “optional” will not have any consequences.  Personal data may be communicated, for the purposes indicated above, to: (i) legal, tax and  accounting consultants; (ii) suppliers of services instrumental to the performance of the  contract concluded with you (e.g., forwarding agents); (iii) suppliers of management  applications; (iv) monobrand Geox-branded points of sale; (v) Geox Group companies involved  in the management of the Geox@Home service. Where necessary, the Company has appointed the  recipients of your personal data as external data processors pursuant to Article 28 of the  Regulation. The names of all the external data processors may be requested by means of a  communication to be sent to the addresses indicated below.  Within the Company, your data will be disclosed to the persons authorised to process them  (limited to their respective remits) appointed pursuant to Article 29 of the Regulation.  The Data Protection Officer designated by the Company pursuant to Article 37 of the  Regulation can be contacted at the e-mail address dpo@geox.com.  Within the scope of the above purposes, your data will be processed for the time necessary  to manage the contractual relationship and the receipt of products purchased by you, and  subsequently in compliance with fiscal and accounting obligations.  By communication to be sent to the e-mail address privacy@geox.com. You may exercise your rights under  Articles 15 et seq. of the Regulation, including, in summary, the following:  • obtaining confirmation as to whether your personal data are being processed or  • obtaining access to your personal data and the information indicated in Article  • obtaining the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you without  undue delay or the completion of incomplete personal data;  • obtaining the erasure of your personal data without undue delay;  • obtaining the restriction of the processing of your personal data;  • being informed of any rectification or erasure or restriction to the processing  carried out in relation to your personal data;  • receiving in a structured format, commonly used and readable by an automatic  device, personal data concerning you.  We remind you that, if you believe that the processing that concerns you is in breach of the  provisions of the Regulation, you can always lodge a complaint with the Italian Data  Protection Authority (www.garanteprivacy.it), or to  the Data Protection authority of the country in which you habitually reside, work ,or the  place where the alleged breach occurred.  “Let's Get to Know Each Other” SERVICE (Contact us) -  Art. 13 of EU Regulation 679/2016, General Data Protection Regulation  Who Processes Your Personal Data?  Geox S.p.A., with registered office at via Feltrina Centro 16, Biadene di Montebelluna (TV),  Italy, Tax Identification, VAT and Treviso Companies’ Register No. IT03348440268, in its  capacity as Data Controller, and Geox Retail S.r.l., via Feltrina Centro 16, 33144  Montebelluna, VAT No. IT05563231009, in its capacity as co-Data Controller, collect and  process your personal data pursuant to EU Regulation 679/2016 General Data Protection  Why Do We Process Your Data?  The data you provide us with by completing the “Contacts” form or using the contact services  via e-mail or telephone www.geox.com are necessary for us to respond to your query or  Your consent is not required and the data processing will be based on the handling of your  query or request for information (pursuant to Article 6(b) of the Regulation).  Are all the requested data necessary?  Please provide all required data marked as “mandatory” because this is needed to send your  request and allow us to handle it properly. Failure to complete the data marked “optional”  How your data is processed?  Your data will be processed primarily electronically in order to manage your request and be  Data will be processed in accordance with applicable legislation and, in any case, in such  a way as to guarantee the security and confidentiality, and prevent the unauthorised  disclosure or use, of the data, as well as to prevent the alteration or destruction of the  How long do we keep your data?  Your information will be processed for the time it takes to properly handle your request and  will be stored to enable us to improve our service; specifically, the data will be retained  only for the time strictly necessary to manage your request and will then be deleted or  stored anonymously or in aggregate form.  Your data will not be disseminated and they may become known to persons authorised to  process Geox data, in order to handle your query/request, and, in its capacity as external  Data Processor, to the company responsible for managing the “customer service”.  The names of the external data processors can be obtained from privacy@geox.com.  You may exercise your rights under Articles 15 to 22 of the Regulation at any time by  - confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you is being  - access to your personal data;  - rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you or completion of  - the erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay;  - restriction of processing of personal data concerning you;  - notification regarding rectification, erasure or restriction of processing of  - the right to receive personal data in a structured, commonly used and  You may also, as appropriate, always:  - object to the processing of your data, particularly for marketing purposes or the  analysis of your purchasing habits or preferences,  Who can you contact in the case of a complaint?  If you believe that the processing of your data violates the provisions of the Regulation,  you may always submit a complaint to the Italian Data Protection Authority (www.garanteprivacy.it), or to  Protection Authority of the country in which you reside, work, or ultimately in the place  where you believe the violation occurred.  How can you contact the Data Protection Officer?  The Data Protection Officer may be contacted at the e-mail address dpo@geox.com  Via Feltrina Centro 16, 31044 Montebelluna (TV), Italy,  Sign up to receive updates on special promotions, collections and new products. Get access to many exclusive benefits reserved for subscribers.  Standard Delivery: your goods will be delivered in 3/6 working days  Cost: free for orders over £49; for orders under this amount, the cost will be £6.90.  Express Delivery: your goods will be delivered in 1/3 working days*  Orders are shipped with UPS and delivered exclusively on weekdays during office hours, from Monday to Friday, excluding national and local holidays. On other occasions, such as holidays, the processing times may be slightly longer.  * For express shipments, orders placed by 12:00 (GMT+1) are delivered within the following two working days. Orders placed after 12:00 (GMT+1) are delivered within the following 3 working days.  If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you can return it within 14 days from the date on which your order was delivered.  Returns with UPS courier: the service is free  Returns with trusted courier: in this case, you will be responsible for the shipping charges  In-store returns: The service is available in selected Geox stores and is free of charge.  The free Click&Collect service allows you to purchase online and pick up your order from participating Geox stores. Your goods will be delivered to the store in 3/6 working days.  Orders are shipped with UPS and delivered exclusively on weekdays during office hours, from Monday to Friday, excluding national and local holidays. On other occasions, such as holidays, the processing times may be slightly longer.