Privacy Policy | Power of Positivity | powerofpositivity.com  Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Power of Positivity™ understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits our website www.powerofpositivity.com (“Our Site”) and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a manner that is consistent with Our obligations and your rights under the law. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Site. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using our Site immediately. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website. By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.Information Collection, Use, and Disclosure: When you trust us with your personal information, we take our responsibility to protect it very seriously. We respect your privacy and your rights to control your personal information. With that in mind, we want to be clear about the information we collect and why. The main purpose of collecting your information is to provide you the best user end experience on our website (our site), whether that’s using our site to find information, to advertise your business, or for some other reason. No matter how you use our site, we want to help you to use it as effortlessly as possible. This privacy disclosure (together with our website terms of use and any other documents referred to in them) explains how we will gather and use your personal information. To let us operate the Platform effectively and to let you use the Platform, we may collect, use, and store the information described below. We also disclose certain information to third parties, as described further below. The information we collect is received directly or indirectly from you and generated in the course of your use of the Platform. The data we collect is not used for marketing or any other purposes except as specified in this Privacy Policy. In operating our website we may collect and process the following data about you – Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website, such as when you registered for information or reading contents.Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as is set out in any relevant contract you hold with us. In addition, We collect information you voluntarily provide through our site, over the phone, by email, in a comment posted on our website, or in any other way. The information you give us may include your name, address, email address and phone number. When you provide information through our site, you are in control of the type and amount of information you provide. By using the Signup form on our website, you agree to us processing your information (including any special category data you have provided) as is necessary for the service you’ve requested. We will not be responsible for the type of information you voluntarily provide through our site. However, to make sure that we keep to the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR), we will ask you to tick a box on the appropriate form to confirm that we have your permission to process this information. Protecting this information is important for us. Other than in the ways detailed in this Privacy Policy, we will never use or disclose any information unless you requested or approved us to do so. P.S: If you do not provide the personal information we ask for, you can still visit most areas of our site, but you may not be able to choose certain options and services. In some cases, we may need to collect some personal information by law or under a contract, and you will be limited in the services you can use if you don’t provide personal information.  Log files, Cookies and Web Beacons A cookie is a file that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive by a website in order to provide statistical information about the users of the website. Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other people visiting or using our site. This improves your experience when you browse our site (for example, allowing you to save content, or keep you logged in to your profile on our site) and helps us to improve our site. Cookies will be used for: Creating a specific log-in session for a user of the site in order that the site remembers that a user is logged in and that their page requests are delivered in an effective, secure and consistent manner;Recognising when a user of the site has visited before allowing us to identify the number of unique users we receive to the site and make sure we have enough capacity for the number of users that we get;Recognising if a visitor to the site is registered with us in any way;We may also log information from your computer including the existence of cookies, your IP address and information about your browser program in order to allow us to diagnose problems, administer and track your usage of our site.Customising elements of the promotional layout and/or content of the pages of the site.Collecting statistical information about how our users use the site so that we can improve the site and learn which parts are most popular to users. www.powerofpositivity.com follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this as part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information. All Cookies, Logs, Beacons are used by and on our website in accordance with United States Privacy Act and EU GDPR Policy.  Use of Your Information The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes: To provide you with information requested from us, relating to our Contents. To provide information on other products which we feel may be of interest to you, where you have consented to receive such information.To meet our contractual commitments to you.To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or content changes, that may affect our service.If you are an existing customer, we may contact you with information about Contents and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you. If you are a new prospect or visitor, we may contact you by telephone, post or email from time to time with information about contents we feel would be of interest to you. By submitting an enquiry from this website you consent to allowing us to contact you. However, if you do not wish to receive this contact please opt-out though the unsubscribe button.  Storing your Personal Data By providing your personal information, you agree to that information being transferred, stored and processed to our hosting platform. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to make sure your information is kept secure and in line with this privacy notice. We will have controls in place, such as agreements containing appropriate clauses, to make sure that your information is protected to the same standard. To protect your information we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect information collected through our site. Only those employees, agent and other third parties who need your information for business purposes will have access to it. They will only process your personal information when we instruct them to do so, and they must keep the information confidential. If we have given you (or you have chosen) a password to use to visit certain parts of our site, you must keep the password confidential. You should not share passwords with anyone. We have procedures in place to deal with any situation where we suspect that the conditions in this privacy policy have not been met, and will tell you and any appropriate regulator if we need to do so by law.  Purposes of sharing data to Third Parties We share certain information & data to Third Parties for: Business purposes and advertising: We may share a user’s information with a third party for PPC or Advertising. We may also share your information with vendors and service providers, including our data hosting and data storage partners, analytics and advertising providers, and vendors providing technology services and support, payment processing, and data security. We also may share information with professional advisersWith your direction or consent: We may share your information with third parties if you request or direct us to do so.With affiliates within our corporate group: We may share your information with any subsidiaries or parent companies within our corporate group.Compliance with law: We may share your information with a court, a regulatory entity, law enforcement personnel, or pursuant to a subpoena, to comply with applicable law or any obligations thereunder.In the context of a transaction: We may share your information in connection with an asset sale, merger, bankruptcy, or other business transaction.For other business reasons: We may share your information to enforce any applicable Terms and Conditions and Terms of Use, and to ensure the safety and security of the Platform and our users. Note that if you make any information publicly available on the Platform, anyone may see and use such information. For more information, please contact support@powerofpositivity.com  Advertising Partners Privacy Policies You may consult this list below to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Power of Positivity. Following – Google AdsFacebook AdsLinkedIn Ads Third-party ad servers or ad networks use technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on PoP which are sent directly to users’ browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit. Note that, we have no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.  GDPR Data Protection Rights We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following: The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service. The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete. The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.  Links to other sites This privacy Policy (and any documents referred to in it) does not apply to other websites that you get to by clicking on a link on our site. We have no control over how your personal information is collected, stored or used by other websites. You should check the privacy policies of other websites before you provide personal information through them.  Children’s Information Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity. www.powerofpositivity.com does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.  Complaints We are committed to working with you to settle any complaint or concern you may have about your personal information. If you have any concerns about how we are using (or have used) your personal information, first contact our Data Compliance Manager by emailing support@powerofpositivity.com or writing to: Power of Positivity LLC30 Westgate Parkway #333,Asheville (NC), 28806, United States   8SaveSubscribe:  This site is not intended to provide, and does not constitute, medical, health, legal, financial or other professional advice.Please see our Privacy Policy | Terms of Service © 2009-2021 Power of Positivity. All rights Reserved. All trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.  Inspiration to your InboxPlease enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.Name *Email *Submit  Power of Positivity uses cookies to give you the most relevant experience. For more information see our Privacy Policy. ContinueManage consent  Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the ...  Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.  functionalFunctional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.  performancePerformance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.  analyticsAnalytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.  advertisementAdvertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.  othersOther uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Save & Accept  Please ensure Javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility