Privacy and Cookie Policy | Iceland Foods  Sign in to see your favourites, complete your order or manage your account.  Check if we can deliver to you  Sign in now to see the latest offers & book a delivery slot.  Check if we can deliver to you  4 for £10 Frozen Meat and Chicken  2 for £3 Bernard Matthews  3 for £3 Birds Eye  Ice Cream Cones, Sticks & Bars  Fish Fingers, Fish Cakes & Scampi  Fish Fillet Strips & Chunks  Frozen Desserts, Fruit & Pastry  Frozen Fruit, Smoothies & Ice  2 for £3 Fruit & Pastries  3 for £5 Party Food  Pies, Pasties & Sausage Rolls  Pasties, Quiche & Sausage Rolls  Fresh Fruit, Veg & Salads  3 for £8 Fresh Meat  Luxury Cooked Meats & Deli  Sausage Rolls & Savoury Eggs  2 for £2.50 Cooked Meat  2 for £3.50 Luxury Meat  Low Fat & Fat Free Yogurt  Cottage Cheese & Soft Cheese  Pasta Pots, Dips & Coleslaw  Single Chocolate Bars & Bags  Table Sauces, BBQ & Pickles  Table Sauces, BBQ & Pickles  Long Life Milk & Sugar  Packet Rice, Pasta & Noodles  Tinned Beans, Spaghetti & Pasta  Tinned Fruit, Desserts & Jelly  Cooking Sauces & Meal Kits  Cooking Sauces & Meal Kits  Mexican Sauces and Meal Kits  Gravy, Stock Cubes & Stuffing  Freeze Pops, Wafers & Sauces  Freeze Pops, Wafers & Sauces  4 for £3 Fruit Juice  Toilet Roll, Kitchen Roll & Tissues  Bin Bags, Foil & Cling Film  Washing Up & Dishwasher Tablets  Food Storage & Water Bottles  Mini Rolls & Cake Bars  Wraps, Bagels, Pittas & Thins  Croissants, Pain au Chocolat & Belgian Buns  Fruit Loaves, Teacakes & Scones  Ice Cream, Cones, Sticks & Bars  Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.  What information have we received?  The Government has provided us with basic contact details of people who it, in conjunction with the NHS, has determined are potentially medically vulnerable during the Covid-19 pandemic, or people who have self-declared themselves to the Government as potentially medically vulnerable and who have requested assistance with access to food.  We have not received any health information, or details of any medical conditions or care arrangements.  How are we using this information?  Iceland has used this information to identify customers within our records, so that we can contact them to offer priority access to our online delivery slots. This is so we can assist as many of our potentially vulnerable customers to get the food they need during this difficult time. Where we don't already hold an email address on our customer accounts, we may use the email address provided by the Government to make contact. If we do this, then we will not use it for any other purpose, or add it to our records, unless our customer registers that email address with us.  We may also respond to requests for other customers to be placed within the priority access process and identify their accounts as part of this process.  Why are we using this information?  We have not been given any information about health conditions, but we understand that those on the list have a health condition in order to be included in the Government's list. Our legal reason for using the personal information on the list is because there is a substantial public interest in making sure that customers who have been told to 'shield' by the Government, have priority access to online delivery slots at this time. Our legal reason for holding and using most of our customer information is because it is in our legitimate interests to do so, and so that we can fulfil our contractual obligations to you as our customer. Further details on this can be found below. We have carefully assessed our legitimate business interests and the potential impact on individuals to ensure that their privacy and rights are protected throughout this process.  How long will we keep this information?  We will only keep the information provided by the Government, and/or the fact that we have identified some of our customers as being entitled to priority access to delivery slots as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic, for as long as it is necessary to continue to provide this service. We will securely delete this information once the current public need has ended.  General customer information will be kept and used in accordance with the remainder of our Privacy Policy, below.  What are my privacy rights?  We understand that some customers who are contacted about priority access to delivery slots may not want to be included in the priority service and/or may not want to receive any further communication about it. You can opt out by contacting the Data Protection Team at dataprotection@iceland.co.uk.  Please also see the 'Don't forget your rights' section, below, for further information.  At Iceland, you can trust us to deliver the best products for great value. And we want you to feel just as confident in us knowing we keep all your personal information safe and secure. We're committed to protecting your privacy, which is why we made this policy – to explain how we may collect and use your personal information, and why this makes your life easier (trust us, it does!)  Why do we collect information?  It's simple. We collect information from our customers to help us deliver and continually improve the service we offer. That means when you shop with Iceland, and/or apply for a Bonus Card, or use any of our services, we may collect personal information about you.  How do we use your information?  That's a big question. We use your information in a number of different ways — and it all depends on the information. However, without your information, we won't be able to offer all our fantastic services, such as deliver your shopping to your door, or provide you with our latest offers and updates (unless you've opted out of receiving marketing, of course). All the information we collect from you is used by us, or a trusted third-party processor acting on our behalf. Check out the tables below to see what we do, and why we do it.  What information may we collect?  Why do we collect it?  Your name, age and gender  To help us verify your identity and personalise your Iceland experience  To provide essential fraud prevention and detection  To assist our helpful home delivery drivers know where to find you  To pinpoint your nearest Iceland store, and find out which store(s) deliver to your address out which store(s) deliver to your address  To make sure you're in the loop about all our fantastic features, products, services, events, promotions and special offers, through the power of direct mail  To help us find you when we respond to you by post  To send you a Bonus Card and any replacements (don't worry, all your savings are stored safely on our system)  To deliver money-off coupons, prize draw wins  To send samples to our favourite bloggers and influencers  To ensure you don't receive any more direct marketing mail by post if you have unsubscribed from this service  To help you register for a Bonus Card that's bursting with benefits and/or an online shopping account  To give you a new password for your accounts  To make it easy for you to view and customise your contact information  To make sure you're in the loop about all our fantastic features, products, services, events, promotions and special offers, through the power of email and social media adverts  To send you order acknowledgement, amendment and completion emails when ordering our products online, for a handy reference  To ask whether you would like to review a purchase and help our products be the best they can be  To record your emails and keep track of any issues or concerns you may have. This helps us to continually improve our services  To ensure you don't receive any more marketing emails if you have unsubscribed from this service  Your telephone number (including home and/or mobile numbers)  To get in touch with you if there's a query regarding your order, and make sure our service is spot on  To send you SMS confirmations to help you track your order, while ordering online  To make sure you're in the loop about all our fantastic features, products, services, events, promotions and special offers, through the power of SMS  To ensure you don't receive SMS marketing messages if you have unsubscribed from this service  Your contact history (including telephone call recordings and feedback)  To ensure we always provide the best customer service and for training purposes  To enable us to fully investigate any concerns you raise  To log any questions or issues and inform the relevant stores to give you a helping hand  To provide gestures of goodwill to customers (e.g. flowers)  Your phone or laptop (including your IP address, device type and, if you consent to sharing it with us, your location data)  To make sure our website is continually improving, and set useful default options for you  To make your online Iceland experience slicker, and tailor your journey around the website  To provide essential protection against fraud, and meet our legal obligations about looking after your data  Your purchase history and saved items  To perform our contract with you – because if you can't put stuff in a basket, you can't buy it!  To record your purchase history and create a list of your favourite items, making your shopping experience quicker and easier every time you shop  To understand your shopping habits, give you more of the things you love, and help us stay ahead of the competition  To help us comply with the law  To let you order products from the checkout, using PayPal and card payments, including debit, credit and Bonus Card. We'll take care of the rest  Your My Account (on Iceland.co.uk) or your My Bonus Card account  To help you access the My Account section and update your details, to keep things running smoothly  To help you add your payment information and process orders, quickly and securely  To let you select a theme and contact Iceland regarding your shopping experience – this allows us to deal with your queries quickly  To provide testing using your information, which helps us tailor what versions of the website you see and personalise your experience (that's right, you're making Iceland better all the time, without even realising!)  To keep you updated on your offers and rewards available to you through your Bonus Card  So you can always view your savings balance ensuring you know how much you can add to your basket without breaking your budget  Your social media accounts (when you link your Twitter or Facebook accounts to us)  To let you log in to our website even quicker and easier than before  To make sure you're in the loop about all our fantastic features, products, services, events, promotions and special offers, through the power of social media  To log your home delivery details, and help our drivers find your shopping – and you!  To give you printed copy of transaction information, and allow you to return items without any fuss  To understand your shopping habits, give you more of the things you love, and help us stay ahead of the competition  To help us crunch the numbers and see which stores are doing best  To help us comply with the law  Your in-store experiences (including CCTV)  To identify issues in store and improve our customer experiences  To obtain evidence of accidents and injuries in store, and resolve issues efficiently (luckily this doesn't happen too often)  To help prevent theft or any other criminal activity  Your responses to surveys, promotions and competitions  To perform our contract with you – because hey, if we can't use your entry, you can't win!  The law allows us to collect and use the information set out above for a number of reasons, including:  To perform our contracts with you, such as to deliver your shopping  Legal compliance – sometimes we don't have a choice, we are legally obliged to collect and share information, for example in relation to fraud or criminal activity  Legitimate interest – where we need to use your data as part of the running of our business to provide our excellent goods and services and we will do this in a way that does not materially impact any of your rights, freedoms or interests, for example the profiling activity we refer to below.  How long will we hold your data for?  We will keep your personal information whilst you continue to shop and interact with us, for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for. We’re still working hard to get all of our systems aligned but your Bonus Card and/or online shopping account will expire two years after you last shop with us and your information will be archived after the third year. However, we are required by law to keep some data for longer periods than other types and are entitled to hold on to some information where we have a legal right to do so. In general, we will not keep your personal information for longer than seven years after you last shop with us or interact with us before we deleted it and where we don't need it or are not obliged to keep it, we will delete it before.  It's easy to opt out  With each marketing communication you receive from Iceland, you will be given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving future communications, such as post, telephone, SMS and email. But you can choose to opt out at any time, that's easy too. Simply contact us and we'll take care of the rest. Just be aware that it may take up to 28 days for all of our systems to be updated.  Whether it's frozen or fresh, for the food cupboard or fridge, we've always got exciting promotions on at Iceland. But how do we know which offers are for you? Well, to help us form a better, overall understanding of you as a customer, we combine your Bonus Card and online shopping information – to give us a clear view of your shopping habits and bring you the offers and promotions that are most relevant to you.  We call this profiling. And that's what makes every customer's Iceland experience unique – tailored just for them.  We want to earn and maintain your trust. So as a rule, we do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party. That includes your personal details, such as your name, address, email address or credit card information.  However, we may share your data with the following categories of companies, as an essential part of being able to provide our services to you:  Companies that do things to run our websites, our till systems and to get your purchases to you, such as the IT companies who support our systems, payment service providers, delivery scheduling companies and the systems that support our customer services teams  Professional service providers, such as marketing agencies, advertising partners and other advisors and agents, who help us run our business, undertake market research and gather product reviews  Our security contractors, credit reference agencies, law enforcement, cybersecurity companies, fraud prevention and crime reduction agencies, so we can help tackle fraud and criminal activity and to determine risk to customer accounts. We may also receive information from these bodies and use it to keep our customers and employees safe online and in store  Companies approved by you, such as social media sites (if you choose to link your accounts to us)  We may provide third parties with aggregated but anonymised information and analytics about our customers. But before we do, we'll make sure that it does not identify you.  We may also be required to disclose your personal data to the police or other enforcement, regulatory or Government body upon a valid request to do so. These requests are assessed on a case-by-case basis and we'll always take your privacy into consideration before sharing.  Protecting your data outside the EEA  Sometimes, in order to fulfil your order, process your payment details or provide support services, we'll need to share your personal data with third parties and suppliers outside the European Economic Area – such as Australia or the USA.  But, if we do this, don't worry. We have procedures in place to ensure your data receives the same standard of protection it gets inside the EEA. For example, our contracts with third parties stipulate the standards they must follow at all times.  This means any transfer of your personal data will follow applicable laws, and we'll treat the information under the guiding principles of this Privacy Policy.  When it comes to delivering the best products for great value, we can't do it all on our own.  That's why we've partnered with various trusted third-party companies to provide goods and services to you. These goods and services can be accessed through links on our website to the third-party company's microsite – a website which is owned and operated by the company, but is Iceland branded or co-branded with the relevant affiliate.  The main thing you need to know is that although some of these microsites may contain iceland.co.uk in their address, these microsites are not owned or operated by Iceland. They are governed by their own terms and conditions and privacy policies, so it's definitely worth having a read of their policies too, to see how your information may be used.  If you have any queries or concerns regarding these microsites, please contact the relevant third party, as detailed in their privacy policy, and they'll be happy to help you.  There's only one Iceland Foods. All emails you receive from Iceland will come from an email address ending in Iceland.co.uk or icelandmail.co.uk. So, if you receive any emails claiming to be from Iceland which do not end in Iceland.co.uk or Icelandmail.co.uk, these may be fraudulent and should be forwarded to Iceland at dataprotection@iceland.co.uk  Remember: your data is your data. So, you have the right to request:  Access to the personal data we hold about you, free of charge in most cases  The correction of your personal data when incorrect, out of date or incomplete  That we stop using your personal data for direct marketing  That we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data if you withdraw that consent  That we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances  That we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another service provider  You can contact us to request to exercise these rights at any time as follows:  To ask for your information to be updated, please use your online Iceland account, or contact our customer services team.  For any of the others, please contact our Data Protection Officer, Legal Department, Iceland Foods Ltd, Second Avenue, Deeside Industrial Park, Deeside, Flintshire, CH5 2NW, or email dataprotection@iceland.co.uk  We want to provide the best service to you, so we'll act on your requests where we can. But, sometimes, we may not be able to or may not be required to. If we choose not to action your request, we'll explain the reasons for our refusal.  Your right to withdraw consent  Whenever you give us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent. The easiest way to withdraw is to contact our helpful customer services team. Lots of the uses of your information set out in the table above are not based on your consent and therefore, we may continue to use your data, where we are legally allowed to.  Where we rely on our legitimate interest  In cases where we are processing your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, you can ask us to stop for reasons connected to your individual situation.  We must then do so, unless we believe we have a legitimate overriding reason to continue processing your personal data. If we choose not to action your request, we'll explain the reasons for our refusal.  To protect the confidentiality of your information, we will ask you to verify your identity before proceeding with any request you make under this Privacy Notice.  If you have authorised a third party to submit a request on your behalf, that's fine too. We will just ask them to prove they have your permission to act.  We're always happy to help you with any issues you may have. However, if you'd like to make a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office, please visit www.ico.org.uk  We work hard to make our websites as safe as possible. Which is why, if you register to use secured parts of the website, you may be asked to create a password.  Like with any password, you must keep this password confidential, must not disclose it or share it with anyone and will be responsible for all activities that occur under your password. If you know or suspect that someone else knows your password, you should notify us immediately (please see the ‘Contact us' section)  If we think there has been or is likely to be a breach of security or misuse of the website, you'll be the first to know. We may ask you to change your password or suspend your account until we've verified your identity and/or until your account has been secured.  Cookies (we're talking data, not dough)  We want to give each of our customers a personalised experience on our website. And cookies help us do just that. Cookies help us tell you apart from other users of our website, creating a more seamless experience – made just for you.  What are cookies and how are they used?  A cookie is a small, harmless text file placed on your computer, tablet or mobile phone by lots of the websites that you visit. You can set your browser to reject cookies, but this will affect your ability to use certain features and shop online.  What types of cookies are there?  There are four main types of cookies – here's how and why we use them:  Essential cookies are – well – essential to use our website. They let you move around the site and use all its fantastic features, such as accessing secure areas. Without these cookies, the services that make your life easier, like shopping baskets or shopping lists, wouldn't be a thing. See, essential!  These cookies collect information about how visitors use our website – like which pages you go to most often, or if you get error messages from web pages. These cookies don't collect information that could identify you. In fact, all information is aggregated and anonymous. It's only used to improve how our website performs.  You know when a website remembers your past purchases, or details like your username to help you sign in faster? That's a functional cookie. They provide more personal features to enhance your experience. Again, the information these cookies collect may be anonymised, and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.  We know, we know. No one wants to see adverts. But at least with cookies, you'll see adverts that are more relevant to you. In fact, these cookies limit the number of times you see an advert, and measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign.  They are usually placed by advertising networks, but only with our permission. These cookies remember that you have visited a website, and share this information with other organisations such as advertisers. So, like our profiling system, every time you interact with Iceland online, we're refining an experience to suit you.  By using our site, you agree to us placing these cookies on your device and accessing them when you visit the site in the future. If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, the ‘help' section in your browser should provide instructions on how to locate the file or directory that stores cookies.  More information about cookies can be found at https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-pecr/cookies-and-similar-technologies. Please note that by deleting or disabling future cookies, your user experience may be affected, and you might not be able to take advantage of certain functions of our site. (hey, that's just how the cookie crumbles!)  Changes to our privacy policy  We'll never leave our customers in the dark. Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail and in store.  Phew, that was quite a lot to take in, right?  Whether you're feeling overjoyed or overwhelmed, take a deep breath, and fire all your thoughts our way. We're always happy to speak to our customers.  And when it comes to your privacy, we want you to feel as safe and secure as your information.  So, if you have any questions, comments or requests regarding our Privacy Policy, please don't hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer at dataprotection@iceland.co.uk  Or just give our friendly customer services team a call on 0800 328 0800 (please select option 1). They're available Mon-Fri 8am-8pm, Sat 8am-8pm and Sun 8am-6pm (opening hours subject to change), calls will be free. Calls may be recorded.  We're big fans of putting pen to paper too. So, if you'd prefer to write to us, you can reach us at:  Second Avenue, Deeside Industrial Park  Our websites, such as Iceland.co.uk (not affiliate websites), are owned and operated by Iceland Foods Limited (Company Number 1107406).  © Copyright 2021 Iceland Foods Ltd.