Important Update For Our Customers  JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.  For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.  4.94/5 average - 5027 reviews  Clarke & Clarke Coordinates Collection  4.94/5 EXCELLENT - 5027 REVIEWS  4.94/5 EXCELLENT - 5027 REVIEWS  4.94/5 EXCELLENT - 5027 REVIEWS  4.94/5 EXCELLENT - 5027 REVIEWS  4.94/5 EXCELLENT - 5027 REVIEWS  4.94/5 EXCELLENT - 5027 REVIEWS  4.94/5 EXCELLENT - 5027 REVIEWS  4.94/5 EXCELLENT - 5027 REVIEWS  4.94/5 EXCELLENT - 5027 REVIEWS  This Privacy Policy is a legal document that discloses some or all of the ways www.textileexpressfabrics.co.uk gathers, uses, discloses and manages customer data. We respect the privacy of our website users and take privacy matters seriously. Please read this policy for details of how your personal information is used.  You can use this website without disclosing any personal information to us. We will only collect personal information in order to fulfil your online query or if you purchase any of our products and/or services. By doing so you may submit personal data and sensitive information to us, which includes (but is not limited to) your; name, address, business name, telephone number, payment details and email address. If you provide your personal details to us you are consenting to their use. Your information will be kept secure, and will be only collected and used from you in accordance with national data privacy laws. By submitting your information, you agree it may be used, stored and processed to improve the operation, administration and development of our business.  You are entitled to be informed of the personal information we hold about you. We are happy to comply with any requests once we are satisfied of your identity.  We only collect any personal details that are necessary to process payment for your online purchase and/or to answer any email queries. We will not release personal details to any third party, unless we are required to do so by law. We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.  We may use your information to contact you about your order, or from time to time, inform you of changes to our website; advice on new products and services, special offers or to gain feedback on our business.  If you do not want to receive any communications from us please contact us by sending an email to the address provided on this website.  Our site is not intended for children. If you are under the age of 18 years you may only use our site with the permission and involvement of a parent or guardian.  This website may use a device known as a ‘cookie’, which is a way information relating to your internet activity (such as whether you have previously visited our site) is recorded on your hard drive and used by us to improve our website services. If you do not wish for us to use cookies when you use the site please adjust your internet browser settings to not accept cookies. You can view full details of our Cookie Policy here and how to disable cookies  We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time, please check this page regularly to ensure you are happy with any changes. Any queries about our Privacy Policy can be directed to info@textileexpressfabrics.co.uk or 01691 670562, you may also mail your query or request to us at:  Textile Express. 42 Church Street, Oswestry, Shropshire. SY11 2SY. 