0USSuggested Location:United KingdomAvailable Sites:AustraliaBelgiëBelgiqueBrasilCanada (English)Canada (Français)ČeskoDanmarkDeutschlandEspañaEurope (English)FranceHong Kong (English)India (English)ItaliaLatinoaméricaMagyarországMalaysia (English)MéxicoMiddle East (English)NederlandNew ZealandNorgeÖsterreichPolskaPortugalSingapore (English)SuomiSverigeSchweizSouth Africa (English)SuisseSvizzeraTürkiyeUnited StatesРоссия中国大陆地区台灣日本한국­Sign inVisit our United Kingdom siteStay on our United States siteProducts  Integrated BIM tools, including Revit, AutoCAD, and Civil 3D  Professional CAD/CAM tools built on Inventor and AutoCAD  Entertainment content creation tools, including 3ds Max and Maya  Start a trial Download your software  SupportProduct support and learningSystem requirementsDownloadsInstallationAccount management supportEducational supportPartner professional servicesLearnTrainingCertificationAutodesk UniversityConferences and eventsAutodesk Customer SuccessCommunityForumsGroupsBlogsDeveloper Network  What information does Autodesk collect about you?  How does Autodesk use the information it collects about you?  How does Autodesk disclose your personal data?  How does Autodesk protect your data?  What rights and choices do you have?  What are Autodesk's storage and data retention practices?  Does Autodesk transfer your personal data across national borders?  What are Autodesk's marketing and advertising practices?  How does Autodesk protect children and student data?  Is the personal data you give us ever displayed publicly?  Will this privacy statement change?  Who can I contact with questions or concerns?  Protecting your privacy is important to Autodesk. This Privacy Statement explains how Autodesk processes personal data collected through websites, products, and services (“applications”), including those distributed by our resellers and other channel partners, and through in-person and digital events, webinars, surveys, marketing activities, and visits to our premises (along with applications, collectively our “offerings”). References to “Autodesk,” “we,” or “our” means Autodesk, Inc. and other entities that belong to the Autodesk corporate family and that link to this Privacy Statement. A list of entities within the Autodesk corporate family can be found here.  We may display supplemental privacy notices on occasion, such as when we believe additional transparency would help you make an informed choice about whether to provide personal data. For example, you may see a supplemental privacy notice explaining a particular data collection program, or you may see a supplemental privacy notice when registering for an event.  This Privacy Statement describes how we process personal data for our own purposes. We also process personal data on behalf of our customers subject to a written contract. We do not control the data processing or protection practices of our customers, which may differ from those set out in this Privacy Statement.  “Personal data” is information that identifies, or can reasonably be linked directly or indirectly to, an identifiable person. Personal data does not include information that is anonymous, de-identified, or aggregated, as those terms may be defined under applicable law. For purposes of this Privacy Statement, “personal data” and “personal information” have the same meaning and are used interchangeably.  What Information Does Autodesk Collect About You?  We obtain personal data in different ways. Some personal data is collected directly from you. Other data is automatically collected or generated about how, when, and why you interact with us through our offerings, including data obtained through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies. We also obtain personal data about you from third parties.  We collect information directly from you, such as when you sign up for an account or use our offerings, register a product or service, sign up for our newsletter or for one of our events, interact with one of our events, surveys, activities or with social media, visit our premises, or otherwise contact us. The types of information we may collect from you include:  Identifiers, such as your name, telephone number, physical and/or email addresses, IP address, account username, and account password.  Professional information, such as your occupation, industry, professional licenses, work experience and employment history, and other qualifications.  Commercial information, such as details about your subscription plans, the offerings that you have purchased, used and/or expressed interest in, and events you have attended.  Financial account information, such as payment information you provide when making a purchase of or through an offering (a third party processes these transfers on our behalf as described below).  Education information, such as your educational background.  Protected characteristics, such as your date of birth (where applicable).  Visual, audio, and electronic information, such as your picture or signature; records of our interactions, such as correspondence, details of complaints and their resolutions, service records; your preferences, including your preferred tools, experience, language, and the frequency at which you wish to receive marketing communications.  When you make purchases through our websites, we use payment processors (Digital River, BlueSnap, PayPal, Stripe, Adyen) and do not store credit card or other financial information (other than confirmation that payment in a certain amount has been made). We collect contact and account information from you that we pass through to the payment processor to facilitate the transaction. For more information you can contact our providers as set forth in their privacy notices.  Information we obtain or generate:  We automatically collect or generate certain personal information about you based on your interactions with us, such as when your use our offerings, and we may associate that information with your account. The information we collect includes:  Identifiers, such as unique user identifiers, unique device identifiers, IP addresses, cookie identifiers, information about product licenses, and usernames.  Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as the website domain visited; which activities and offerings are used, how, and for how long; posts, discussions, and other types of engagement with us, including on our blogs, discussion forums, or chat rooms; the use of any hyperlinks or downloadable content available through the offerings.  Electronic information, such as information about operating systems, device types, information about browsers, information relating to automatic updates and technical errors, information about your use of our offerings, including your preferred tools and experiences, and your engagement with our activities.  Commercial information, such as records about interest in our offerings or completed purchases.  Identifying characteristics such as facial templates and eye movement.  Inferences drawn from any of the personal and offering usage information available to us.  We also use cookies (small text files stored by your web browser when you use websites) and related technologies, such as pixels and beacons (collectively “Cookies”), to collect and store information when you use our applications. We use Autodesk Analytics programs and tools that incorporate third-party analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, to help us understand how, when and why you use our applications. To learn more, see our Cookie Statement.  Except as described in our Privacy Statement and our Cookie Statement, whether we collect data through the use of Cookies is up to you. You can change your mind at any time by going into your Settings within the application or by clicking a link in the footer of our websites. The relevant link may be titled “Cookie preferences," “Privacy settings,” or something similar.  Cookie choices are generally application-, browser-, and device-specific, so you may need to refresh your choices if you visit a different application, use a new browser or device, or clear your browser’s cookies.  Social Networking Data: We may include content, pixels, tags, buttons, or other tools that link to another company’s services and/or platform(s) (“Plugins”). If you use one of our offerings that contains Plugins, information can be transferred directly from your device to a third-party provider of services and/or platforms. We may not control the data collected by Plugins. If you are logged in to a social network, the social network may be able to link your use of our offering to their services and/or platform.  For example, if you interact with a Plugin by clicking on "Like," "Follow," or "Share," or by writing a comment, this information may automatically appear in your profile on the relevant social network service or platform. Even if you are not logged in, the Plugins may send your IP address to social network services and/or platforms. Please note this when using our offerings.  When you connect to a social networking service or platform on a device that is also used by others, these other users may be able to see information that is stored or displayed in connection with your profile on the social networking service page.  Information we collect from other parties:  We receive and process information from our affiliates and from third-party sources, such as employers, business partners, business contact databases, enrichment services, channel partners (e.g. resellers), marketing service providers, third-party data aggregators, and social networking services and platforms (e.g., LinkedIn and Facebook). We also receive information from publicly available sources and licensors. The categories of personal information we collect from these sources include:  Identifiers, such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses.  Professional information, such as occupations, industries, professional licenses, work experience and employment histories, and other qualifications.  Education information, such as your educational background.  Commercial information, such as events you have attended or activities you have participated in.  Inferences, such as regarding usage information and your preferences, behaviors, and other attributes.  In accordance with applicable law, we may combine your personal data with information we collect from other parties to help keep our databases current and accurate, and to provide you with more relevant content, experiences, applications, and other offerings.  How Does Autodesk Use The Information It Collects About You?  We use your personal data mindfully, and in useful ways, including:  To validate your identity as necessary to perform our contract with you.  To deliver services, products, and other offerings, including information such as personalized insights and recommendations, as necessary to perform our contract with you.  To send you important information, such as about your account or purchases, within the scope of our contract with you.  To send you information you requested to the extent necessary to perform our contract with you or, when not necessary to perform a contract, in furtherance of our legitimate interest, for example in responding to customer inquiries.  To maintain and improve the security of, and to troubleshoot any issues relating to, our offerings as necessary to perform our contract with you or, when not necessary to perform a contract, in furtherance of our legitimate interest in protecting our business.  To anonymize, aggregate, or de-identify your personal data so it can no longer identify you in furtherance of our legitimate interest in conducting research and analysis.  To develop and improve our current and future offerings and your experience, including through the use of automated systems that analyze data using machine learning and other analytic techniques, in furtherance of our legitimate interests or, where needed, with consent.  To understand the ways our offerings are used and who is using them in furtherance of our legitimate interest in improving our offerings and the overall user experience or, where needed, with consent.  To analyze information about how you interact or may interact with us or our offerings in furtherance of our legitimate interest in improving our offerings and your experience with us or, where needed, with consent.  To make strategic decisions concerning our business operations, including reporting on the performance of our business, in furtherance of our legitimate interest in making those decisions or, where needed, with consent.  To send you learning content, tutorials, suggestions, newsletters, surveys, or other information, including information that may be relevant to your interests or preferences, in furtherance of our legitimate interest in improving your customer experience or, where needed, with consent.  To send you promotional offers, advertising, or other marketing content in furtherance of our legitimate interest to engage in direct marketing or, where needed, with consent.  To detect, prevent, or otherwise address non-valid use such as through fraud and software piracy (e.g., to confirm that software is genuine and properly licensed) and to protect you, Autodesk, and/or third parties in furtherance of our legitimate interests. For example, learn more about how Autodesk detects and combats non-valid software here.  To enforce, and review compliance with, the legal terms that govern our offerings in furtherance of our legitimate interest in ensuring adherence to the relevant terms.  To comply with our legal obligations under applicable laws.  To protect the rights, safety, and property of Autodesk, you, or any third party in furtherance of our legitimate interest in protecting us, our users, and third parties.  For other purposes for which we obtain your consent.  As further described in our offerings, such as in a supplemental notice, or in our About Boxes (available via Settings in your application).  Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at the contact details below or as otherwise indicated to you in writing.  Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, we balance your rights against ours so that our interest is not overridden by the interests you have to protect your information.  You may also have the right to object to that processing on the basis of circumstances specific to you. For more information, see “What Rights and Choices Do You Have?” below.  When we process personal data about you to comply with legal requirements or to perform our obligations under a contract with you or with our customer through whom you use our offerings, failure to provide such data may prevent or delay our fulfillment of these obligations.  How Does Autodesk Disclose Your Personal Data?  We disclose the categories of information described above to the following categories of persons:  Our service providers, including vendors, consultants, and other service providers who perform services or functions on our behalf, for business purposes. For example, our service providers include companies who support us with marketing, sales, consulting, communications, software maintenance and support, analytics, social media, market research, auditing for valid use, license compliance, security, user verification, localization, and payment processing. Our service providers process your information subject to contractual terms that restrict their ability to use your information.  Our business partners, such as integration partners, channel partners (e.g., resellers), event sponsors, partners, and attendees, Ad Partners, and Autodesk’s App Store publishers, with whom you interact to facilitate your relationship with Autodesk and those business partners for any of the purposes described in our or those business partners’ privacy statements.  Our affiliates, for any of the purposes and uses of information described in this Privacy Statement, including providing you with integrated offerings (including administering purchases, services, and payments across our integrated offerings) in furtherance of our legitimate interests. You can find a list of Autodesk entities here.  Social networking services and platforms to connect with or share information publicly, with service providers, or with your contacts on such services or platforms.  Persons to whom we are required by law to provide information, such as pursuant to a subpoena or a court order.  Law enforcement, legal counsel, or other reasonably necessary parties when we have a good faith belief that the disclosure is necessary to prevent or respond to fraud or software piracy, defend ourselves against attacks, or protect the rights, property, and safety of Autodesk, our customers, and the public.  Persons involved in the consideration, negotiation, completion of a business transaction, including the sale, merger, consolidation, acquisition, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, bankruptcy, or reorganization, and any subsequent integration.  We may also disclose your personal information to other parties when we have your consent to do so or when you direct us to, for any purposes requested or permitted by you.  We may share aggregate, anonymous, or de-identified demographic, statistical, and other information regarding use of our offerings with third parties for marketing, analytics, planning, and other purposes. Such information will not specifically identify any particular user.  How Does Autodesk Protect Your Data?  We maintain a combination of reasonable and appropriate physical, administrative, and technological controls to protect your data from unauthorized access or malicious actions. For more information about our security practices, please visit the Trust Center.  We take reasonable steps to limit the access employees, contractors, and agents of Autodesk have to your personal data to those who need to know this data to perform their assigned functions.  What Rights And Choices Do You Have?  You have the right to access, update, delete, receive a copy of, or restrict our use of your personal data. When we process personal data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw consent any time.  Please log-in to your account to manage your personal data and content using our applications. You can also delete your personal data and close your account. We may retain certain data about you for legal and internal business purposes, such as fraud prevention, in accordance with applicable laws.  To request a copy of the personal data in your account, please submit this form. Consistent with applicable law, we may ask for proof of your identity before fulfilling your request, and we may ask for additional forms of verification depending on the nature of the personal information requested.  Certain jurisdictions grant individuals additional rights with respect to their personal data. Depending on where you live or applicable law, you may also have the right to:  Object to our processing of your personal data  Have us block or anonymize your personal data, as appropriate  Receive a copy of your personal data to transfer it to a third party  Opt-out of certain direct marketing communications  Opt-out of certain disclosures of your personal information to third parties  Not be denied a good or service for exercising your rights, though you may be provided a different level of service or charged a different rate or price consistent with applicable law  Lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority in the jurisdiction in which you are located  These rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law. For example, even if you ask us to delete your personal information, we may need to retain it to complete transactions you have requested, to comply with our legal obligations, or for other limited business purposes as required or permitted by law. To exercise applicable rights, please contact us.  Where we process personal data on behalf of our customers, we may refer the request to the relevant customer and cooperate with their handling of the request, subject to any special contractual arrangement with that customer.  California residents, please read the “Your California Privacy Rights” section for additional disclosures and information regarding your rights under California law.  Individuals in Brazil, please read the LGPD FAQs for additional information regarding the LGPD and your rights under the law.  What Are Autodesk’s Storage And Data Retention Practices?  We store your personal data and content on our servers and the servers of our service providers. Because we and our service providers maintain servers in global locations, your personal data may be transferred across national borders and stored on the servers outside of your country or region.  We will retain your personal data for as long as necessary to provide you with the offerings that you are using or have requested, for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, and as needed to comply with our legal obligations. Data may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time.  Does Autodesk Transfer Your Personal Data Across National Borders?  Because we are a global company, we transfer personal data across national borders to other countries, in compliance with the laws that apply to that data. Where required by law, we have put in place measures (such as standard contractual clauses) to adequately protect personal data that we transfer across borders. If you wish to obtain a copy of the safeguards that we use to protect personal data transferred across borders, please contact us using the information in the “How to contact us” section below.  Autodesk has certified to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (“Privacy Shield”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data transferred from the EEA, the United Kingdom and/or Switzerland to the United States in reliance on Privacy Shield. Autodesk has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such information. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Statement and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern with respect to personal data transferred in reliance on Privacy Shield. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/ and read our Privacy Shield Notice.  Due to the invalidation of Privacy Shield, Autodesk no longer relies on Privacy Shield to transfer personal data from the EEA, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland to the United States. We will continue to apply the safeguards afforded by Privacy Shield to personal data that we have transferred to the United States in reliance on Privacy Shield.  What Are Autodesk’s Marketing And Advertising Practices?  We use analytics tools and also work with one or more advertising networks (our “Ad Partners”) that use Cookies or other technologies to collect information about application visitors, to serve ads, and to help us track results of advertising and marketing campaigns. Through these means, we and/or our Ad Partners may be able to collect information from application visitors, including websites visited, how, when and why applications are used, marketing preferences, IP addresses, device IDs, and information about browsers. This information is used to display personalized advertising in websites and other applications, to calculate and control the number of unique and repeat views of a given ad, to deliver ads that relate to a visitor’s interests, and to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns. We process your personal data for the above activities in furtherance of our legitimate interests or, where required, with your consent.  You can opt out of the use of your information by Ad Partners for online behavioral advertising by using the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Your AdChoices tool. The Your AdChoices tool may not work if your browser does not accept third-party Cookies, and if you delete Cookies, use a different browser, or use a different computer, you will need to use the tool again to renew your opt out.  As described above, you can change your Cookie preferences. Cookie choices are generally application-, browser-, and device-specific, so you may need to refresh your choices if you visit a different application, use a new browser or device, or clear your browser’s cookies.  Autodesk currently does not respond to “do not track” signals.  How Does Autodesk Protect Children And Student Data?  At Autodesk, we care deeply about children’s privacy and protecting their data.  Most of our applications are made for the general public and are designed for adult users. We refer to these applications as “general interest applications.” We do not knowingly collect personal data from children in connection with general interest applications. Certain applications are appropriate for and are intended for use by children. We refer to these applications as “Children’s applications.”  Our Children’s Privacy Statement applies to personal data collected from certain child and student users of Autodesk offerings, including Children's applications. If there is a conflict between our Children’s Privacy Statement and our Privacy Statement, the Children’s Privacy Statement sets the standard for how we process children’s personal data. For more information, please refer to our Children’s Privacy Statement.  Is The Personal Data You Give Us Ever Displayed Publicly?  As always, we urge you to be mindful when deciding to disclose personal data, including on our offerings. Our offerings may allow you to post content, including comments and “likes,” that can be visible to the public.  In some cases, you can limit who can view or access the information and content you post. In other cases, the information and content might be available to registered members of the offering, or even to the general public. Your name, username, profile image, or email address (particularly if this is your username) may be posted along with any message or other content you post through some of our offerings.  If you are posting information you do not want to be disclosed publicly, make sure you are using an offering that allows you to control who sees information you have posted.  Will This Privacy Statement Change?  We may change this Privacy Statement to reflect changes in the law, our data handling practices, or the features of our business. The updated Privacy Statement will be available at our Trust Center here. We will show the date the Privacy Statement was last updated to help you know when we change it. If we make material changes to our Privacy Statement, we will endeavor to provide you with notice before such changes take effect, such as through prominent notice on our website or services or by email.  If you want to contact us, please use the following contact information. When you do so, please tell us the name of the offering about which you are contacting us:  The Landmark @ One Market  Data protection officer: To contact our data protection officer, please use the following contact information: DPO@autodesk.com.  Who Can I Contact With Questions Or Concerns?  We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority of the United States of America and/or with a competent European supervisory authority or your local equivalent.  California law treats certain disclosures of personal information with third parties in exchange for something of value as “sales,” even when no money changes hand. Autodesk does not exchange your personal information for money. However, some of the technologies we use to provide our offerings involve transfers of personal information that may be considered “sale” under California law. You have the right to opt-out of these transfers by submitting this form or by emailing us at privacy.questions@autodesk.com.  We described several types of rights in “What Rights and Choices Do You Have?” above. If you reside in California, you have rights to access the specific pieces of your information, the right to know details about our processing of your information, the right to request deletion of your personal information, and the right to not be denied goods or services for exercising these rights. You can exercise those rights by emailing us at privacy.questions@autodesk.com. To request a copy of the personal information in your account you can also submit this form. To request deletion of your personal information, you can also submit this form.  We may need to verify your identity before completing your CCPA rights request. How we verify your identity depends on whether you hold an account with Autodesk:  Individuals with Autodesk accounts can verify their identity by logging into their account.  Individuals without Autodesk accounts (non-accountholders) will need to provide information establishing their identity to the degree of certainty required by law. We may ask non-accountholders to provide information such as name, e-mail addresses, and information relating to their use of the Autodesk websites or other offerings.  Persons authorized to submit requests on behalf of a consumer (“agents”) can submit a request by email to privacy.questions@autodesk.com. We may notify the consumer and require the consumer to independently verify their identity before fulfilling the authorized agent’s request. For additional information, please see our CCPA FAQs.  We will retain certain information relating to your CCPA request to demonstrate compliance with the CCPA and to improve our consumer request process.  The following table provides a description of the personal information that we have disclosed for our business purposes, the personal information that we have sold, and the categories of third parties that received the personal information.  Categories of Third Parties to which we Disclosed that Personal Information for business purposes  Categories of Third Parties to which we “Sold” that Personal Information  Social networking services and platforms and Ad Partners  Social networking services and Ad Partners  Visual, Audio, and Electronic Information  Social networking services and platforms and Ad Partners  Internet or other Electronic Network Activity Information  Social networking services and platforms and Ad Partners  Social networking services and platforms and Ad Partners  Social networking services and platforms and Ad Partners  Social networking services and platforms and Ad Partners  Software installation, registration & licensing  Autodesk is a leader in 3D design, engineering and entertainment software.  Privacy settings | Privacy/Cookies | About our Ads | Legal | Report Noncompliance | Site map | © 2021 Autodesk Inc. All rights reserved  Please opt-in to receive reseller support  I agree that Autodesk may share my name and email address with ${RESELLERNAME} so that ${RESELLERNAME} may provide installation support and send me marketing communications.  I understand that the Reseller will be the party responsible for how this data will be used and managed.  No, thanks, I don't want support from ${RESELLERNAME}  Cookie preferences Your privacy is important to us and so is an optimal experience. To help us customize information and build applications, we collect data about your use of this site.May we collect and use your data?Learn more about the Third Party Services we use and our Privacy Statement.  Strictly necessary – required for our site to work and to provide services to you  These cookies allow us to record your preferences or login information, respond to your requests or fulfill items in your shopping cart.  Improve your experience – allows us to show you what is relevant to you  These cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we use to deliver information and experiences tailored to you. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not be available for you.  Customize your advertising – permits us to offer targeted advertising to you  These cookies collect data about you based on your activities and interests in order to show you relevant ads and to track effectiveness. By collecting this data, the ads you see will be more tailored to your interests. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.  Please say yes or no to each category.  THIRD PARTY SERVICESLearn more about the Third-Party Services we use in each category, and how we use the data we collect from you online.  Strictly necessary – required for our site to work and to provide services to you  Qualtrics We use Qualtrics to let you give us feedback via surveys or online forms. You may be randomly selected to participate in a survey, or you can actively decide to give us feedback. We collect data to better understand what actions you took before filling out a survey. This helps us troubleshoot issues you may have experienced. Qualtrics Privacy Policy  Demandbase We use Demandbase to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Demandbase Privacy Policy  Drift We use Drift to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Drift. Ads are based on both Drift data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Drift has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Drift to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. Drift Privacy Policy  Afilio We use Afilio to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Afilio Privacy Policy  Akamai mPulse We use Akamai mPulse to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Akamai mPulse Privacy Policy  Aklamio We use Aklamio to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Aklamio Privacy Policy  Digital River We use Digital River to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Digital River Privacy Policy  Dynatrace We use Dynatrace to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Dynatrace Privacy Policy  Khoros We use Khoros to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Khoros Privacy Policy  Launch Darkly We use Launch Darkly to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Launch Darkly Privacy Policy  New Relic We use New Relic to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. New Relic Privacy Policy  Salesforce Live Agent We use Salesforce Live Agent to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Salesforce Live Agent Privacy Policy  Wistia We use Wistia to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Wistia Privacy Policy  Tealium We use Tealium to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Tealium Privacy Policy  Barilliance We use Barilliance to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Barilliance Privacy Policy  Upsellit We use Upsellit to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Upsellit Privacy Policy  CJ Affiliates We use CJ Affiliates to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. CJ Affiliates Privacy Policy  Commision Factory We use Commision Factory to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Commision Factory Privacy Policy  Interstate (Access Trade) We use Interstate (Access Trade) to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Interstate (Access Trade) Privacy Policy  Google Analytics (Strictly Necessary) We use Google Analytics (Strictly Necessary) to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Google Analytics (Strictly Necessary) Privacy Policy  Typepad Stats We use Typepad Stats to collect data about your behaviour on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our platform to provide the most relevant content. This allows us to enhance your overall user experience. Typepad Stats Privacy Policy  Improve your experience – allows us to show you what is relevant to you  Google Optimize We use Google Optimize to test new features on our sites and customize your experience of these features. To do this, we collect behavioral data while you’re on our sites. This data may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, your Autodesk ID, and others. You may experience a different version of our sites based on feature testing, or view personalized content based on your visitor attributes. Google Optimize Privacy Policy  ClickTale We use ClickTale to better understand where you may encounter difficulties with our sites. We use session recording to help us see how you interact with our sites, including any elements on our pages. Your Personally Identifiable Information is masked and is not collected. ClickTale Privacy Policy  OneSignal We use OneSignal to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by OneSignal. Ads are based on both OneSignal data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that OneSignal has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to OneSignal to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. OneSignal Privacy Policy  Optimizely We use Optimizely to test new features on our sites and customize your experience of these features. To do this, we collect behavioral data while you’re on our sites. This data may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, your Autodesk ID, and others. You may experience a different version of our sites based on feature testing, or view personalized content based on your visitor attributes. Optimizely Privacy Policy  Amplitude We use Amplitude to test new features on our sites and customize your experience of these features. To do this, we collect behavioral data while you’re on our sites. This data may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, your Autodesk ID, and others. You may experience a different version of our sites based on feature testing, or view personalized content based on your visitor attributes. Amplitude Privacy Policy  Snowplow We use Snowplow to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Snowplow Privacy Policy  UserVoice We use UserVoice to collect data about your behaviour on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our platform to provide the most relevant content. This allows us to enhance your overall user experience. UserVoice Privacy Policy  Customize your advertising – permits us to offer targeted advertising to you  Adobe Analytics We use Adobe Analytics to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, and your Autodesk ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Adobe Analytics Privacy Policy  Google Analytics (Web Analytics) We use Google Analytics (Web Analytics) to collect data about your behavior on our sites. This may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. We use this data to measure our site performance and evaluate the ease of your online experience, so we can enhance our features. We also use advanced analytics methods to optimize your experience with email, customer support, and sales. Google Analytics (Web Analytics) Privacy Policy  AdWords We use AdWords to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by AdWords. Ads are based on both AdWords data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that AdWords has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to AdWords to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. AdWords Privacy Policy  Marketo We use Marketo to send you more timely and relevant email content. To do this, we collect data about your online behavior and your interaction with the emails we send. Data collected may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, email open rates, links clicked, and others. We may combine this data with data collected from other sources to offer you improved sales or customer service experiences, as well as more relevant content based on advanced analytics processing. Marketo Privacy Policy  Doubleclick We use Doubleclick to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Doubleclick. Ads are based on both Doubleclick data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Doubleclick has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Doubleclick to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. Doubleclick Privacy Policy  HubSpot We use HubSpot to send you more timely and relevant email content. To do this, we collect data about your online behavior and your interaction with the emails we send. Data collected may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, email open rates, links clicked, and others. HubSpot Privacy Policy  Twitter We use Twitter to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Twitter. Ads are based on both Twitter data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Twitter has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Twitter to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. Twitter Privacy Policy  Facebook We use Facebook to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Facebook. Ads are based on both Facebook data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Facebook has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Facebook to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. Facebook Privacy Policy  LinkedIn We use LinkedIn to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by LinkedIn. Ads are based on both LinkedIn data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that LinkedIn has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to LinkedIn to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. LinkedIn Privacy Policy  Yandex We use Yandex to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Yandex. Ads are based on both Yandex data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Yandex has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Yandex to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. Yandex Privacy Policy  Yahoo! Japan We use Yahoo! Japan to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Yahoo! Japan. Ads are based on both Yahoo! Japan data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Yahoo! Japan has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Yahoo! Japan to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. Yahoo! Japan Privacy Policy  Naver We use Naver to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Naver. Ads are based on both Naver data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Naver has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Naver to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. Naver Privacy Policy  Quantcast We use Quantcast to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Quantcast. Ads are based on both Quantcast data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Quantcast has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Quantcast to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. Quantcast Privacy Policy  Call Tracking We use Call Tracking to provide customized phone numbers for our campaigns. This gives you faster access to our agents and helps us more accurately evaluate our performance. We may collect data about your behavior on our sites based on the phone number provided. Call Tracking Privacy Policy  BounceX We use BounceX to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by BounceX. Ads are based on both BounceX data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that BounceX has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to BounceX to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. BounceX Privacy Policy  ADC Media We use ADC Media to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by ADC Media. Ads are based on both ADC Media data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that ADC Media has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to ADC Media to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. ADC Media Privacy Policy  AgrantSEM We use AgrantSEM to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by AgrantSEM. Ads are based on both AgrantSEM data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that AgrantSEM has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to AgrantSEM to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. AgrantSEM Privacy Policy  Bidtellect We use Bidtellect to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Bidtellect. Ads are based on both Bidtellect data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Bidtellect has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Bidtellect to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. Bidtellect Privacy Policy  Bing We use Bing to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Bing. Ads are based on both Bing data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Bing has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Bing to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. Bing Privacy Policy  G2Crowd We use G2Crowd to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by G2Crowd. Ads are based on both G2Crowd data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that G2Crowd has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to G2Crowd to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. G2Crowd Privacy Policy  NMPI Display We use NMPI Display to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by NMPI Display. Ads are based on both NMPI Display data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that NMPI Display has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to NMPI Display to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. NMPI Display Privacy Policy  VK We use VK to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by VK. Ads are based on both VK data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that VK has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to VK to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. VK Privacy Policy  Adobe Target We use Adobe Target to test new features on our sites and customize your experience of these features. To do this, we collect behavioral data while you’re on our sites. This data may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, your IP address or device ID, your Autodesk ID, and others. You may experience a different version of our sites based on feature testing, or view personalized content based on your visitor attributes. Adobe Target Privacy Policy  Google Analytics (Advertising) We use Google Analytics (Advertising) to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Google Analytics (Advertising). Ads are based on both Google Analytics (Advertising) data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Google Analytics (Advertising) has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Google Analytics (Advertising) to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. Google Analytics (Advertising) Privacy Policy  Trendkite We use Trendkite to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Trendkite. Ads are based on both Trendkite data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Trendkite has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Trendkite to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. Trendkite Privacy Policy  Demandbase (Advertising) We use Demandbase (Advertising) to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Demandbase (Advertising). Ads are based on both Demandbase (Advertising) data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Demandbase (Advertising) has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Demandbase (Advertising) to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. Demandbase (Advertising) Privacy Policy  Hotjar We use Hotjar to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Hotjar. Ads are based on both Hotjar data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Hotjar has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Hotjar to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. Hotjar Privacy Policy  Revlifter We use Revlifter to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Revlifter. Ads are based on both Revlifter data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Revlifter has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Revlifter to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. Revlifter Privacy Policy  Auryc We use Auryc to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Auryc. Ads are based on both Auryc data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Auryc has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Auryc to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. Auryc Privacy Policy  6 Sense We use 6 Sense to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by 6 Sense. Ads are based on both 6 Sense data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that 6 Sense has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to 6 Sense to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. 6 Sense Privacy Policy  Terminus We use Terminus to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by Terminus. Ads are based on both Terminus data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that Terminus has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to Terminus to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. Terminus Privacy Policy  StackAdapt We use StackAdapt to deploy digital advertising on sites supported by StackAdapt. Ads are based on both StackAdapt data and behavioral data that we collect while you’re on our sites. The data we collect may include pages you’ve visited, trials you’ve initiated, videos you’ve played, purchases you’ve made, and your IP address or device ID. This information may be combined with data that StackAdapt has collected from you. We use the data that we provide to StackAdapt to better customize your digital advertising experience and present you with more relevant ads. StackAdapt Privacy Policy  Are you sure you want a less customized experience? We can access your data only if you select "yes" for the categories on the previous screen. This lets us tailor our marketing so that it's more relevant for you. You can change your settings at any time by visiting our privacy statement  Your experience. Your choice. We care about your privacy. The data we collect helps us understand how you use our products, what information you might be interested in, and what we can improve to make your engagement with Autodesk more rewarding. May we collect and use your data to tailor your experience? Explore the benefits of a customized experience by managing your privacy settings for this site or visit our Privacy Statement to learn more about your options.  We use cookies to enhance your experience and personalize content. See our cookie statement for details. Click Accept all to agree, or manage Cookie preferences.  We use cookies to enhance your experience and personalize content. See our cookie statement for details. Click Accept all to agree, or manage Cookie preferences. 