Privacy Policy | Blinds Direct  Your browser does not support JavaScript. Our site relies on JavaScript to function, please turn JavaScript on or use a browser that has JavaScript enabled.  Perfect Fit Day & Night Blinds  Grey Day & Night Blinds  Made To Measure in the UK  Click here to track your order  Mon - Thur 8:30am - 9:30pm | Friday 8:30am - 6pm  Saturday 10am - 4pm | Sunday 10am - 9:30pm  Made to Measure in the UK  on all of our products  order up to 8 free samples  Up to 70% off High St. Prices  made to measure direct to your door  on all of our products  order up to 8 free samples  Up to 70% off High St. Prices  made to measure direct to your door  Up to 70% off High St. Prices  made to measure direct to your door  Extra 20% off | Selected Items Today!  Interior Goods Direct Limited Privacy Policy  When Do We Collect Information  What Information Will We Collect  How Will We Use Your Information  Storage Of Your Personal Data  Changes To Our Privacy Policy  Interior Goods Direct Limited (we/us) (company number 04966706), specialise in providing you the highest-quality window furnishings and we are committed to protecting your privacy.  We will be the data controller of any personal data which we collect from or about you. This Policy sets out the terms in which we will hold and process your personal data. If you have any queries about this Policy or how we use your data, you can contact us using the contact details below.  We also operate under the trading names Blinds Direct, Wooden Blinds Direct, Roman Blinds Direct, Poles Direct, Vertical Blinds Direct, Roller Blinds Direct, Custom Curtains, Shutters Direct and Pleated Blinds Direct.  When Do We Collect Information?  We will collect information from you when you become our supplier or customer, or contact us in person, by telephone, e-mail, post, fax or by social media. We may also collect information from you when you sign up for an online account on our website(s). We may record images of you on cctv when you visit our premises. We also collect information from you when you voluntarily complete customer surveys, enter a competition or promotion, provide feedback or complete a contact form on our website(s).  We may collect information about you from credit reference agencies when we undertake checks such as credit and identity checks. We may collect information about you from mailing lists, online information platforms.  Information may also be collected about you when you visit our website (for example via cookies), such as your IP address and other browser-generated information.  We may record all calls for training and equality purposes, to enable us to deal effectively with queries or complaints.  What Information Will We Collect  We will only use the information we collect about you as allowed by law (with the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679). We may collect the following information:-  Your contact details or those of your employees, such as name, address, telephone number and email address  Details of any goods you sell to us, or ask us to supply  Details of your credit history and any records held by financial crime prevention agencies, on the Electoral Register and by providers of utility service  Your physical appearance and your activities when you visit our premises.  Before we can contract with you for the purchase or sale of goods, we may need to obtain certain information about you to verify your identity so that we can meet our obligations under the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds Regulations 2017 (the "Money Laundering Regulations 2017") and any other applicable legislation and for the purposes of assessing our credit risk. You are obliged to provide this information and if you do not provide it, we will be unable to contract with you  Our website automatically collects usage data. We may gather and store certain anonymous information about your visit, including the name of your Internet Service Provider (ISP), the type of browser and operating systems used to access our site, the date and time you access our site, the website or platform that referred you to us, and the pages you visit. This information does not identify you personally.  How We Will Use Your Information  We use information held about you in the following ways:-  to administer and provide products and services you request or have expressed an interest in;  to comply with our contractual obligations to you;  to enable us to administer any competitions or other offers or promotions which you enter in to;  to communicate with you in the event that any products or services you have requested are unavailable;  to provide you with information about other goods or services we offer that are similar to those that you have already contracted with us to provide, or enquired about. You many opt out of receiving this information when we collect your details or at any time by contacting us using the contact details below;  to help protect your information and to prevent unauthorised access to it;  to carry out market research so that we can improve the products and services we offer;  to track your activity on our digital platforms;  to generate statistics relating to the use of our website;  to personalise and improve your experience on our digital platforms;  to seek your views or comments on the services we provide;  to notify you of changes to our services and changes to our terms of business;  to undertake checks such as credit identity checks to enable us to comply with our anti-money laundering obligations and for the purposes of assessing our credit risk;  for payment verification, debt tracing and debt recovery;  to deal with any queries, complaints or problems reported by you;  if required to do so by law and to the extent necessary for the proper operation of our systems, to protect us/ our customers, or to enforce the terms of any contract that we have entered into with you;  to ensure that our premises are secure and remain a safe working environment.  Our use of your personal data will be for one or more of the legitimate interests described above.  We may disclose your information:-  to businesses that are part of the same group of companies as us, or that become part of that group;  to our IT providers and others who provide us with support services (such as shipping and delivery contractors) so that we can comply with our contractual obligations to you;  to our appointed accountants, lawyers and other professional advisers (including our bankers), to the extent that they require access to the information in order to advise us;  to credit reference agencies and other organisations to allow us to undertake the checks set out below;  to debt collection agencies or to the Court;  if required to do so by any legal requirement;  to law enforcement agencies and others in order to investigate or prevent fraud or activities believed to be illegal or otherwise in breach of applicable laws;  to HMRC if obliged to do so by law, who may pass this on to tax authorities in other jurisdictions; or  if we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers and suppliers may be one of the transferred assets.  In order to be able to offer you Klarna’s payment options, we will pass to Klarna certain aspects of your personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you.General information on Klarna you can find here. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna’s privacy policy.  We may ask you to review our service relating to your order. If we do, we will email you through Trustpilot. Trustpilot is an independent company that allows customers to review online retailers. When an order has been placed we provide Trustpilot with your email address so they may email you to provide you with an opportunity to review the products you have purchased. You can opt out of receiving emails from Trustpilot by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of their email.  We will not disclose your information to third parties other than as outlined above.  The website may contain links to third party payment websites. If you follow a link to any such website the use of such website will be subject to the terms of that website's privacy policy. Please check the terms of the third party website's privacy policy before submitting any personal data to such website. We do not accept responsibility or liability for your use of such third party websites.  We will not sell, trade or rent your personal information to third parties. In order to tailor our services to your needs, we use information that does not identify you personally to help us improve our services. We share this information with our advertisers and other third parties who we have formal business relationships with. We do not use or share personally identifiable information provided to us in any other way without your consent.  We may use your information for profiling purposes to enable us to personalise and to tailor any marketing communications that you may consent to receive from us.  You can unsubscribe from receiving marketing communications by clicking the unsubscribe link that is clearly located within the footer of all our email marketing communications. In addition, you can unsubscribe by contacting us via the contact information stated within this Privacy Policy. We may also participate in Facebook's 'Custom Audience' service from time to time. This service enables us to display to you personalised advertisements when you visit Facebook's social media platforms. It works by converting your email address to a unique number that Facebook uses to match to unique numbers that Facebook generates from email addresses of its users. Where we use Facebook Custom Audiences, we will only include you if you have consented to receive marketing from us. If you have given us your consent, you can change your mind at any time by unsubscribing.  As part of our contracting process we may carry out automated checks using your personal data, such as your name, postal address, date of birth, telephone numbers and employment status. These checks include credit checks and identity checks and involve us obtaining information (such as your credit history) from credit reference agencies, the Electoral Register and providers of utility services.  We need to carry out these checks in order to meet our obligations under the Money Laundering Regulations 2017 (and any other applicable legislation) and for the purposes of assessing our credit risk. The information obtained from these checks is used by us to determine if an account can be opened or whether further information is required, based on factors such as whether we have been able to verify your identity or your credit history.  Credit reference agencies will record the details of our search and may record whether or not your application to contract with us is accepted. We may make periodic searches with credit agencies to manage your account.  We may provide information to financial and other organisations involved in fraud prevention to protect ourselves and our customers from theft and/or fraud. If false or inaccurate information is provided and fraud is identified or reasonably suspected, details may be passed to fraud prevention agencies who will record this. This information may also be accessed by law enforcement agencies. This information may be used by us to prevent fraud and money laundering, for example, when processing applications for credit, managing credit or for debt recovery.  Storage of Your Personal Data  We will only keep your personal data for as long as we need to in order to fulfil the purpose(s) for which it was collected, as set out above in this Policy, and for as long as we are required to keep it by law.  We retain personal data collected in connection with the performance of our contractual obligations to you and the information provided to us for identity checks and antimoney laundering checks for 10 years after performance of our contract with you. You may require us to delete personal data once that period has expired unless we are required to retain that personal data for a longer period by law.  We take appropriate security measures (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to help safeguard your personal information from unauthorised access and disclosure.  We may transfer, or allow access to, your information internationally including to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA) when performing our contractual obligations to you. We will ensure that your personal data is adequately protected when it is transferred outside the EEA in accordance with applicable data protection laws.  You can update your personal data by contacting us.  Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer/device either temporarily or permanently on the hard drive through your web browser. They enable our systems to recognise you and provide shopping features such as loyalty discounts, as well as storing items in your shopping basket between visits.  Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users to enable us to provide you with a better experience when you browse our website(s) and to allow us to improve our site.  We use Google Analytics to track and record information when you visit our website. Google analytics' cookies allow us to differentiate between first-time users and repeat users to our website. They also allow us to make sure our website performs as well as possible for our users. The cookies used do not contain any personally identifiable information and do not gather information on specific individual users. These cookies may also be used to help us for profiling purposes to enable us to advertise on platforms such as Google or Facebook.  We take the security of your personal information seriously. When you submit your credit card details to us, we use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology to guard your information. In addition, we have security procedures in place to protect our paper based systems and computerised databases from loss and misuse, and only allow access to them when it is absolutely necessary to do so, and then under strict guidelines as to what use may be made of the personal information contained within them.  Where a password is required to access certain areas of our digital platforms, you are responsible for keeping your password secure and confidential. Please do not share or disclose your password to any other person.  You have the following rights which can be exercised by contacting us using the details provided below:-  to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes;  to access personal information held about you and to obtain a copy of it  to prevent any processing of personal data that is causing or is likely to cause unwarranted and substantial damage or distress to you or another individual;  to obtain the rectification or completion of personal data which are inaccurate or incomplete;  to restrict or object to the processing of your personal data and to request its erasure under certain circumstances;  in certain circumstances, to receive a copy of your personal data in a structured, commonly-used and machine readable format and the right to require us to transmit that data to another data controller where technically feasible;  to be informed about any use of your personal data to make automated decisions about you, and to obtain meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of this processing;  to file a complaint about the way in which your personal data is being used;  to withdraw your consent to any use by us of your personal data otherwise than for one of the legitimate purposes set out above.  Changes to Our Privacy Policy  We reserve the right to amend this Policy any time. Any substantive changes we make to our Policy will be updated on our privacy policy page on our website(s).  If you have any questions about this privacy policy or about your personal data, please email us at privacy@interiorgoodsdirect.com or write to us at the following address  If we cannot resolve your concerns, you may report a concern to the Information Commissioner at ico.org.uk/concerns or telephone (0303) 123 1113 for further information about your rights.  4178 people have saved with us this week by fitting their own blinds.  Cookie policy, our site uses cookies to improve your experience. By using this site you agree to these cookies being set.  Please Choose Your Delivery Location  Get Special Offers & Inspiration by  signing up to our emails…  Mon - Thur 8:30am - 9:30pm | Friday 8:30am - 6pm  Saturday 10am - 4pm | Sunday 10am - 9:30pm  COVID 19 – Contact Free Shopping  © 2021 Interior Goods Direct. All rights reserved.  Interior Goods Direct trading as Blinds Direct suppliers of high quality home and commercial interior products.  Place of registration: UK, Registration number: 04966706, VAT Registration Number 817 3168 28, Registered office: Unit 2 Jubilee Way, Grange Moor, Wakefield,West Yorkshire, WF4 4TD  Take a second to sign up to our lovely emails, so you will be the first to know about:  • Beautiful new designs & trends  • Innovative & practical home solutions  • Special offers & money saving discounts  You can easily subscribe at any time. View more info  Sorry something went wrong, please try again  No thank you, continue to website  We will send you inspiration, special offers, money off discount codes and the latest info by email and occasionally post, SMS, phone and other electronic means.  We will always treat your personal details with utmost care and not sell them to other companies for marketing purposes.  If you change your mind at any time you can update your preferences or unsubscribe using the links within our email communications.  Your privacy is important to us.  We will only ever use your data as specified in our Privacy Policy. 