Privacy Policy - Immediate Media Co. policies  We value your privacyWe and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised ads and content, ad and content measurement, and audience insights, as well as to develop and improve products.With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may click to refuse to consent or access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences at any time by returning to this site or visit our privacy policy.DISAGREEMORE OPTIONSAGREE  Immediate Media (‘Immediate’ or ‘we’) is committed to protecting the personal information you provide or we collect when you buy any of our magazines or products, or use any of our websites and applications (our ‘services’).  We collect and use different information depending on the way(s) in which you interact with us. This Privacy Policy explains how we use that information, and in particular the following:  TYPES OF INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT ABOUT YOU  HOW WE LOOK AFTER YOUR INFORMATION  HOW AND WHY WE USE YOUR INFORMATION  WHO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH  HOW LONG WE HOLD INFORMATION FOR  You can click on any of the links above to find out more.  This Privacy Policy applies to Immediate Media Company Limited and (in the case of our Jewellery Maker and Sewing Quarter brands) Immediate Media TV Limited as the “data controller” responsible for your personal information. However, this policy also applies to the other companies in the Immediate group who may handle your personal information too (see “Who we share your information with” for further details).  This policy may be updated from time to time to keep up with legal and/or business developments, so you should check it each time you submit information to any of our services. The date of the most recent changes to each section of the policy will appear at the top of the relevant page.  Subscribe to our RSS feed  © Immediate Media Company Ltd 2021.