All ClothingCoatsDressesJacketsJeansAll BrandsAnna Fieldadidas OriginalsNike SportswearAll ClothingCoatsJacketsJeansJumpersAll Brandsadidas OriginalsLevi's®Tommy JeansBabies 0 – 2 yrsKids 2 – 9 yrsTeens 9 – 16 yrsBabies 0 – 2 yrsKids 2 – 9 yrsTeens 9 – 16 yrsZalando Gift CardsAll ShoesAnkle BootsBootsHeelsTrainersAll Brandsadidas OriginalsReebok ClassicDr. MartensAll ShoesBootsFormal ShoesHigh TopsTrainersAll Brandsadidas OriginalsConverseNike SportswearBabies 0 – 2 yrsKids 2 – 9 yrsTeens 9 – 16 yrsBabies 0 – 2 yrsKids 2 – 9 yrsTeens 9 – 16 yrsZalando Gift CardsAll SportsBasketballBeach & SurfFitnessFootballGolfOutdoorRunningSwimmingYogaSports ClothingSports ShoesThe Running ShopThe Outdoor ShopSports ClothingSports ShoesThe Running ShopThe Outdoor ShopAll BrandsadidasASICSLacosteNew BalanceNikeReebokThe North FaceUnder ArmourSports SaleAll AccessoriesBagsJewellery & WatchesRucksacksHats & CapsBrandsAll BrandsFossilMichael KorsValentino by MarioAll AccessoriesBagsBeltsHats & CapsWatchesBrandsAll BrandsHerschelAignerRainsAll AccessoriesBaby AccessoriesBagsHats & CapsRucksacksBrandsAll BrandsBenettonNikeWomenExclusivesAll CategoriesAccessoriesCoatsBlousesBootsDenimDesigner BagsDressesKnitwearJacketsMenExclusivesAll CategoriesAccessoriesCoatsDesigner BagsJackets & BlazersJeansKnitwearShirtsTopsTrainersDesigners All DesignersCalvin KleinDKNYJust CavalliKARL LAGERFELDMARNI x ZalandoPatrizia PepePINKOProenza SchoulerVictoria BeckhamVersaceAll BrandsAll Premium BrandsAll Sports Brandsadidas OriginalsGuessTommy JeansNike SportswearLevi's®All BrandsAll Premium BrandsAll Sports BrandsNikeadidas OriginalsCarharttLevi's®Nike PerformanceRalph LaurenSiksilkAll Sports BrandsAll Girls BrandsAll Boys BrandsNikeadidasBenettonOSHKOSHCarter'sWomenClothingShoesAccessoriesSportsPremiumMenClothingShoesSportsPremiumKidsClothingShoesAccessoriesSportsZalando Gift CardsZalando LoungeSkip to main contentHelp and contactFree delivery and returns*All about zalandoWomenMenKidsLoginWish list0Your bagYour bag is emptyGo. Go fill it up with all your fashion hopes and dreams.Don’t know where to start?See what’s newMenuClothingShoesSportsAccessoriesDesignerBrandsSalemagnifying-glass  This Privacy Notice gives you an overview of how Zalando processes your data. It  applies to all websites, apps and other benefits and services offered by Zalando.  If you have a question regarding this Privacy Notice or data protection at Zalando you can reach out  to our Privacy Team by sending an email to privacy_policy@zalando.co.uk.  Please also send an email to our Privacy Team if you would like to request data access or data  deletion, or in order to exercise  other data protection rights provided in Art. 15-22 GDPR, including withdrawal of consent to  marketing, opt out from newsletter etc. For more information see the sections Which  rights do I have? and Contact.  How you can read this Privacy Notice: We offer you various options  for reading this Privacy Notice. Firstly, you can find very basic information in this  section. Then we have sorted this Privacy Notice into topics relevant for you and  divided it accordingly into individual chapters. If you are already a “pro”, you can jump directly  to individual chapters using the dropdown menu below.  Which data does Zalando process?  What does Zalando use my data for?  Info on websites and apps  Information about Social Media Fan Pages  Individual product recommendations by email and push service.  How does Zalando use my data for advertising?  Who is my data forwarded to?  Which data protection rights do I have?  When will my data be deleted?  How does Zalando protect my data?  Changes to this Privacy Notice  We have prefixed each chapter with a short overview. This overview briefly summarises the  content of the chapter. If you just want a quick high-level overview of all data processing, it  is advisable to read the overviews. If you want to familiarise yourself with the details, you  can click on “more” under the relevant overview. The full content of the chapter will then be  We have avoided cross-references wherever possible. That way you get all information coherently  explained, regardless of which chapter you are currently reading. If you read this Privacy  Notice from start to finish, you may find that parts of the text are repeated.  We were unable to avoid a few cross-references. For example, we summarised all country-specific  data processing in a single chapter and always refer to this chapter when discussing  Which services and offers this Privacy Notice applies to: Zalando  processes your data in a similar way for most of our services. This Privacy Notice  therefore applies to all benefits and services which we offer our European customers. This is  true regardless of whether we do this via a website, an app, in transactions, on the phone, at  events or via social networks or other channels. For ease of comprehension, we use the term  “services” to summarise this “normal case”.  There are, however, also exceptional services where we process your data differently or for  particular purposes. This may be due to the nature of a service or country-specific  requirements. When we are referring to these cases (that is “deviations from the normal case”),  we call them “service-specific” or “country-specific”.  Please note that Zalando IOS apps released after 10 June 2021 no longer share any data with  third parties for marketing purposes. In case a particular IOS app still offers features that  involve data sharing with a third party for marketing purposes, your data will only be shared if  you click “agree” on an iOS tracking prompt.  Finally, you should also bear in mind that Zalando is not just a single company. Zalando is a  group and thus consists of multiple companies. Not all of these companies offer you services or  process your data. For simplicity, only the Zalando Group companies which are actually involved  in processing your data are named below. Where we refer below to “Zalando”, “we” or “us”, we  mean the responsible companies within Zalando Group which process your data.  Specifically, this refers to the following Zalando companies  Zalando SE, Valeska-Gert-Straße 5, 10243 Berlin, Germany  Zalando Beauty Store GmbH, Valeska-Gert-Straße 5, 10243 Berlin Germany  Zalando Content Creation SE & Co. KG, Straße der Pariser Kommune 8, 10243  Zalando Customer Care DACH SE & Co. KG, Leipziger Straße 127-128, 10117 Berlin,  Zalando Customer Care International SE & Co. KG, Leipziger Straße 127-128, 10117  Zalando Fashion Entrepreneurs GmbH, Valeska-Gert-Straße 5, 10243 Berlin, Germany  Zalando Finland Oy, Runeberginkatu 5 B, 00100 Helsinki, Finland  Zalando Ireland Ltd., 3 Grand Canal Quay, Dublin 2, D02 WC65, Ireland  Zalando Logistics SE & Co. KG, Havellandstraße 6, 14656 Brieselang, Germany  Zalando Logistics Mönchengladbach SE & Co. KG, Regioparkring 25, 41199  Zalando Logistics Operations Polska sp. z o.o., Innowacyjna 8, 74-100 Gardno,  Zalando Logistics Polska sp. z o.o., ul. Jasna no. 26, 00-054 Warszawa, Poland  Zalando Logistics Süd SE & Co. KG, Valeska-Gert-Straße 5, 10243 Berlin,  Zalando Lounge Logistics SE & Co. KG, Valeska-Gert-Straße 5, 10243 Berlin,  Zalando Lounge Service GmbH, Zeughofstraße 1, 10997 Berlin, Germany  Zalando Marketing Services GmbH, Tamara-Danz-Str. 1, 10243 Berlin, Germany  Zalando Outlets GmbH, Köpenicker Straße 20, 10997 Berlin, Germany  Zalando Payments GmbH, Mühlenstrasse 13-19, 10243 Berlin, Germany  Zalando Digital Portugal, Unipessoal Lda, Avenida da Liberdade, 225, 225-A, 1250 142  nugg.ad GmbH, Tamara-Danz-Str. 1, 10243 Berlin, Germany  What you will learn in this Privacy Notice:  What we do with this data and what it is needed for.  Which data protection rights and options you have.  Which technologies and data we use to personalise and coordinate our services in order to  offer you a secure, simple, seamless and individual shopping experience.  Which technologies and data we use for advertising, including the tracking technologies we  1. Which data does Zalando process?  Zalando offers you a wide range of services, which you can also use in a wide range of ways.  Depending on whether you contact us online, by phone or otherwise and on which services you use,  various data from different sources may come into play. Much of the data we process is provided  by you yourself when you use our services or contact us, for example when you register and  provide your name or email address or address. We do, however, also receive technical device and  access data which is automatically collected when you interact with our services. This may, for  example, be information on which device you are using. We collect further data using our own  data analyses (e.g. within the framework of market research studies and customer evaluations).  We may also receive data on you from third parties, for example for credit rating agencies and  When we talk about “your data”, we are referring to personal data. This includes all  information which allows us to identify you straight away or by combining it with other  information. Examples: Your name, your telephone number, your customer number, order numbers  or your email address. All information which cannot be used to identify you (even by  combining it with other data) is classified as non-personal data. Non-personal data is also  referred to as anonymous data. If we combine your personal data with anonymous data, all the  data in this record counts as personal data. If we delete the personal data from a piece of  information or a record on your person, the remaining data in this record no longer counts  as personal data. This procedure is referred to as anonymisation. The following generally  applies: If we request that you share particular personal information with us, you may of  course refuse to do this. You can decide which information you share with us. We may,  however, be unable to provide you with the desired services (at least not optimally). For  example, you cannot have a package delivered without giving a delivery address. If  particular information is required in connection with a service (mandatory information), we  will inform you by marking it accordingly.  Profile information is personal and demographic information on your person  (so-called master data), along with your individual interests, which you share with  us when registering for a customer account. Your profile data includes, for example:  Your first and last names  Your preferences, e.g. in relation to brands, product types or styles  Demographic information such as your gender, age and place of residence  Mandatory information is usually your name, your email address and a password you  choose yourself. Your email address and the password will later constitute your  Other mandatory information may also be required for the use of access-restricted,  fee-based or personalised services, such as your date of birth or your title (e.g.  in order to transfer you to the relevant Zalando shop page for your gender) or your  favourite brands and clothing styles.  Profile data may also include further information on your person and your interests.  These may be collected in the process of registering for the service, or only  subsequently. This is the case, for example, if you later add voluntary information  to your profile or you wish to use your customer account to register for a service  which requires additional mandatory information.  If you are logged into your customer account, you can view your personal  data there and can usually edit it directly there, e.g. in order to update  your address after a move.  If you contact us, we collect your data. Depending on how you contact us (e.g. by  phone or by email), your contact details may include your name, postal addresses,  telephone numbers, fax numbers, email addresses, detail on your social network  profiles (for example we receive your Facebook ID if you contact us via Facebook),  user names and similar contact details.  If you order something from Zalando or shop on site, for example at a Zalando Outlet  Store, we collect your shopping data. Depending on the type of purchase and  processing status, shopping data may include the following information:  Details on the purchased items (name, size, colour, price etc.)  Messages and communication relating to purchases (e.g. notice of revocation,  complaints and messages to customer service)  Delivery and payment status, e.g. “completed” or “dispatched”  Return status, e.g. “successfully completed”  Information on service providers involved in executing the contract (for order  purchasing perhaps shipment numbers of parcel services)  You can view your essential shopping data in your customer account in the  areas “My orders”, “My returns” and “My address book”.  We offer you the common payment methods in online retail - especially advance  payment, credit card, PayPal or invoice. We collect the payment details shared by  you in order to execute the payment. We receive further payment details from  external payment service providers and credit agencies which we work with in  executing payments and carrying out credit checks. We only forward information to  our payment service providers which is necessary for processing payment.  IBAN and BIC or account number and sort code  The payment details also include other information directly connected to payment  processing and credit checking. This applies, for example, to information which  external payment service providers use for identification such as your PayPal ID (if  you are paying with PayPal).  Zalando Payments GmbH, Mühlenstrasse 13-19, 10243 Berlin, Germany, is  responsible for executing payments, managing claims and performing credit  checks in connection with all private purchases from the Zalando shop and  other fee-based services from Zalando Group.  Creditworthiness data consists of our own records on your previous payment behaviour  towards all Zalando Group companies and of score values which we collect on you from  external credit agencies. Creditworthiness data makes statements on a person’s  estimated capacity and willingness to pay. This helps companies to avoid defaults  which result when customers cannot fulfil their payment obligations or cannot do so  in good time. Taking creditworthiness data when choosing payment methods is also  intended to prevent us offering our customers payment methods which cannot be  offered to them and our customers entering into payment obligations which they  cannot fulfil themselves. Creditworthiness data is normally collected from so-called  credit agencies. The credit agencies then use various information to calculate a  so-called score value which takes into account existing payment obligations and any  previous defaults. Score values are statistically justified estimates of the future  risk of a person defaulting and are represented as a numerical value, such as a  percentage. We only have limited influence on processing of data by external credit  agencies (e.g. if we provide credit agencies information on payment obligations  which have not been fulfilled).  Cooperation with external payment service providers and credit agencies is on a  country-specific basis, in order to take country-specific features and requirements  into account. Under Who is my data forwarded to? you can  external payment service providers and under Country-specific  find information on which credit agencies we work with in which countries. There you  can also find special privacy policies which  we provide you with on behalf of the relevant payment service providers and credit  When you interact with our services, data arises which we use to find out which  content, topics, products, product types, brands or styles you are interested in.  For example, we can use shopping data, wish list content and your age (if this  information is available to us) and comparison with users with similar features to  find out which styles and product categories you are interested in. Thus, we can  show the products which will probably be most relevant to you first the next time  Along with the interests you have directly shared with us, we can also derive your  interests from other data we have collected. If, for example, you repeatedly visit a  particular area of the Zalando shop, we can extrapolate your interests from your  access data by means of usage analysis (e.g. we can deduce that you might be  interested in sport if you frequently visit the category “sportswear” or order  For this purpose, we also receive demographic information and statistics on our  users from our external advertising partners (such as age, gender, region), as well  as device and access data and interests. We take care that our advertising partners  only provide Zalando with aggregate, encrypted and anonymous data, so that we cannot  assign the data to any particular person, especially any particular user. This  information may help us to understand our users better, perhaps within the framework  of customer structure analyses and user segmentation.  You can find further information on the processing of your data for advertising  purposes under “How does Zalando use my data for  If you communicate with us or other users regarding products (e.g. product  evaluations) and other topics by phone, post, social media, contact forms or any  other medium, we collect the content of your messages.  We may forward your messages to the office responsible for your concerns, perhaps to  partner companies or manufacturers. If your messages are forwarded to another  company (e.g. if you provide us with feedback on the manufacturer of a product), you  of course have the option to tell us that the data should only be used by Zalando.  If so, we will not forward your information to the responsible office, or will only  do so without your personal information, provided that your concerns can be  If you transmit messages to us for other users via functions provided for this  purpose (e.g. product evaluations), we may publish these within the scope of our  Telephone conversations, for example with our hotline, will only be recorded  with your consent for the purposes covered by your consent (e.g. quality  assurance, training purposes). Consent to recording of conversations is of  course voluntary. You may withdraw consent at any time with effect for the  future, for example by asking the employee on the phone to stop the  recording. You can find further information under “Which  data protection rights do I have?”.  Zalando also uses social network services such as Facebook, Instagram and Twitter to  communicate with customers and users. We use these popular platforms to offer you  further contact and information options beyond our in-house communication channels.  Please bear in mind, however, that we do not have any influence on the terms of use  for social networks and the services they offer, and only limited influence on their  data processing. We therefore ask you to carefully check which personal data you  share with us via social networks. We cannot influence the behaviour of social media  operators, other users or third parties who may work with the operators of the  social networks or also use these services.  Zalando maintains profile pages (also called "fan pages") on various social  networks. Additionally, Zalando services may  incorporate social networking features. These may be messenger services and  so-called social plug-ins or social logins such  as "Sign in with Facebook". If you are in direct contact with us through our social  media profiles or if you use social  networking features integrated into our services and you are a member of the  respective social network, we may receive data  from the social network operator that allows you to be identified. Usually, we can  Your public profile information stored on the respective social network (e.g.  Details of the device type you are using  The account ID of your profile on the respective network (e.g. Facebook ID)  Please also refer to the notes on the processing of social network data related to  “Info on websites and apps” and “Information  about Social Media Fan Pages”.  Zalando currently uses the Facebook messenger service and social plug-ins / logins  for the following social networks:  Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2,  Ireland (“Facebook”). The link to  Facebook's privacy policy is available here: Facebook's Data Policy.  Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA  (“Twitter”). The link to the Twitter's  privacy policy is available here: Twitter's  Pinterest Inc., 635 High Street, Palo Alto, CA, USA (“Pinterest”). The link to  Pinterest's privacy policy is available  For particular purposes, we also collect data on your device’s current location when  you use our services. Two different technologies are used for this.  If you approve your device’s location services for an app, a website or another  online service by Zalando, Zalando processes the location data collected by your  device and provided to us in order to provide you with location-specific services.  Some of our apps show you shops in your area or suggest products which  correspond to your current location.  If you allow a Zalando app to access your device’s location services, your location  may be regularly processed by Zalando (e.g. even if you are not currently using the  app). This serves to improve the user experience, for example by loading  location-dependent content faster when you use the app at your location, or  displaying location-based push notifications. We do not use this data to produce any  motion profiles. You can obtain further information on location-based services if  We also collect location data derived from your device’s IP address (down to the  city level). An anonymised IP address shortened to three characters is used for this  purpose. Therefore, this cannot be used to identify your internet connection or  Each device connected to the internet must be assigned a multiple-character,  unambiguous number (example: 193.99.144.85). This is referred to as an IP  The first three characters of an IP address are usually assigned to a  particular region or a particular internet provider. The approximate  location of the internet connection can therefore be derived from the IP  This procedure (so-called geolocalisation) is used by us and many other online  shops, for example to identify fraud and suspicious orders (e.g. it may be  suspicious in particular situations if an order from your customer account uses an  IP address from a country where you have never previously made any orders).  1.9 Photos and other personal content  Some of our service-specific applications allow you to share photos and other  personal content with us or other users, in order to communicate with us or other  users or to personalise services (e.g. by uploading a profile picture, using the  Zalando app’s photo search or communicating with a stylist).  1.10 Information for campaigns and surveys  If you take part in a campaign (e.g. competition) or survey (e.g. customer  satisfaction survey for market research purposes) offered by Zalando, we ask you for  For example, if you take part in a competition we generally ask you for your name  and email address, so that we can inform you if you win and to ensure that each  participant only takes part in the competition once.  We may ask you for further information for some campaigns and surveys. This may be  the case, for example, if we carry out a campaign with a partner and the partner  needs information on you in order to make the prize available to you. In such cases  we will, however, always inform you separately about the information required and  Zalando Group companies use the central Zalando SE’s central applicant management  system to accept and process job applications.  You can find the web portal for Zalando’s applicant management system at:https://jobs.zalando.com/. The Zalando  applicant management system has a service-specific privacy policy, which you can  1.12 Device and access data  When using online and mobile services, it is inevitable that technical data will be  generated and processed in order to provide the features  and content offered and to display them on your device. We refer to this data as  "Device and Access Data". Device and Access Data are  created whenever online and mobile services are used. It does not matter who the  provider is. Device and Access Data are therefore created,  Email newsletters (i.e. if your newsletter interaction is recorded)  Zalando collects device and access data for online and mobile services offered by  Zalando itself (e.g. Zalando Shop). Secondly, Zalando may  receive device and access data from online and mobile services of other companies,  as long as they are social media or advertising partners  of Zalando or participate in the same online advertising networks (e.g. the "Google  Network"). Additional information is available under  “How does Zalando use my data for advertising?” and “Information about Social Media Fan Pages”.  Device and access data includes the following categories:  General device information, such as information on the device type, operating  system version, configuration settings (e.g. language settings, system  authorisations), information on internet connection (e.g. name of the mobile  data network, connection speed) and on the app used (e.g. name and version of  Identification data (IDs), such as session IDs, cookie IDs, unambiguous device  ID numbers (e.g. Google advertising ID, Apple Ad ID), third party account IDs  (if you use social plug-ins or social logins or pay by PayPal) and other common  internet technologies, to facilitate recognition of your web browser, your  device or a particular app installation.  If you activate the push notification service in a Zalando app, you will be  provided with a randomly generated, unambiguous push ID. We send the push ID  together with the push notifications aimed at you to the push server, so  that the latter can address the notification to the right recipient, that is  Access data automatically transmitted by apps and web browsers whenever you  access web servers and databases (within the framework of so-called HTTP  requests). This is standardised information on the required content (such as the  name and file type of a retrieved file) as well as further information on server  access (such as amount of data transferred and error codes), on your device  (e.g. device type, operating system, software versions, device identifications,  IP address, the site previously visited and the time of access).  2. What does Zalando use my data for?  Zalando processes your data in accordance with all applicable data protection laws. Of course,  we observe the principles of data protection law for the processing of personal data. We  therefore generally only process your data for the purposes explained to you in this Privacy  or shared when we collect the data. These are mainly purchase processing  and the provision, personalisation and development as well as security of our services. We also  use your data within the framework of the strict German and European data protection law, but  also for other purposes such as product development, scientific research (especially in the  areas of machine learning, artificial intelligence and deep learning) and market research, for  the optimisation of business processes, the needs-based design of our services and personalised  In this chapter, we also inform you of the legal basis on which we process data for the  individual purposes. Depending on the legal basis for our processing of your data, you may have  additional data protection rights alongside your permanent rights such as the right to  information. For example, in individual cases you have the right to object to the processing of  your data. You can find further information under “Which data protection  2.1 Purchase processing and provision of online, local  We process your data in the necessary scope to fulfil contracts and to provide and  execute further services requested by you, as described in this Privacy Notice.  The purposes of the necessary data processing therefore depend on the  purpose of the contract agreed with you (including our General Terms and Conditions and  any service-specific terms and conditions or terms of use) or services requested by you.  The most important purposes are:  The provision, personalisation and needs-based design of our services such as the  Zalando shop and Zalon (including their respective websites, apps and cross-device  The provision of local services, e.g. in Zalando Outlet Stores and at events and  The execution of customer programmes such as Zalando Outlet Card and Zalando Plus.  The execution of purchase agreements and customer service including dispatch and  payment processing, claim management as well as the processing of returns,  The provision of messages, reports, newsletters and other direct communication,  insofar as these are an integral component of our contractual services or the  You can request email information on the availability of out-of-stock items in  In our apps you can request push-service information on particular events or  If you take part in our online shopping club Zalando Lounge, you will regularly  receive our Zalando Lounge newsletter with information on current promotions.  The guarantee of the general security, operability and stability of our service  Non-promotional communication with you on technical, security-related and  contractually relevant subjects (e.g. fraud warnings, account blocking or  The mediation of contracts via our trading and sales platform, perhaps within the  framework of the Zalando partner programme or Zalando Wardrobe.  The issuing, redemption, delivery of Zalando vouchers.  The execution of campaigns and competitions.  The processing of payments for execution of purchase agreements is provided by Zalando  Payments GmbH. Zalando also uses the service of external payment providers for payment  processing. You can find information on external payment providers under section  Who is my data forwarded to?.  Insofar as the purpose relates to the execution of a contract agreed with you or the  provision of a service requested by you, the legal basis is Article 6 (1) b GDPR.  Otherwise, the legal basis is Article 6 (1) f GDPR, whereby we may use your personal  data for the above purposes if we deem it necessary to do so for our legitimate  We process your data for the provision of comfortable and useful services which  correspond as well as possible to your needs and interests. Because the Zalando shop’s  range encompasses hundreds of thousands of products and thousands of brands, it is  necessary that we present our content and offers in a needs-based manner so that you can  find products you are actually interested in. This requires a user-specific evaluation  of the relevance of products and content.  To personalise shopping in the Zalando shop we use device and access data which we  collect for usage analysis. Alongside this, we also use device and access data which we  receive from advertising partners while you visit the Zalando shop. If you are logged in  with your customer account while visiting the Zalando shop, we also use profile data,  interest data and shopping data to personalise your shopping experience. We refer to  this form of shopping personalisation as on-site optimisation. Only such shopping  personalisation allows us to present you with suitable search results, product  suggestions, style recommendations and other content corresponding to your actual  interests. Without such shopping personalisation, as carried out today by many online  shops as standard, your search for relevant products would be less convenient and more  protracted and the utility of our range for you would be lower. Shopping personalisation  does not, of course, prevent you from accessing all content. It does, however, allow you  to see content which is more relevant to you more quickly.  We have collected more details on the operating principle of Zalando’s websites  and apps under “Shopping personalisation”.  You can find further details on the operating principle of personalised Zalando  The legal basis for the processing of your data for shopping personalisation within the  framework of personalised services is Article 6 (1) b GDPR. The legal basis for the  processing of your data within the framework of on-site optimisation is Article 6 (1) f  GDPR, whereby our legitimate interests are in the above purposes.  2.3 Research, machine learning and artificial  We process the data collected on our customers for scientific research in the areas  relevant to Zalando. This includes in particular the research areas of machine learning,  artificial intelligence, natural language processing and deep learning. Research at  Zalando concentrates on solutions to real, everyday online shopping problems and is  meant to serve the improvement and development of the existing services range. In this  way, for example, we can develop apps which can suggest products targeted to your  interests and needs and recognise styles and assign products which correspond to your  In doing this, of course, we observe recognised scientific data protection standards.  This also means that we only process your data in summarised, anonymised or  pseudonymised form for research purposes, for example by replacing all identifiable data  such as your name with other values.  You can find further information on the subject of research and science at  Zalando at Zalando Research. You can  find an overview of Zalando Research’s current research plans here.  Research at Zalando includes the following purposes:  The development of machine learning procedures allowing estimates, prognoses and  analysis of the needs and interests of our users.  The development of technical solutions for real customer problems which our  specialist departments and fashion manufacturers encounter in day-to-day business  (e.g. difficulties in finding suitable products, reducing the probability of bad  The development of technical solutions for optimising business and logistics  The development of technical solutions facilitating the improvement and development  of shopping personalisation and fraud prevention.  The registration of patents and publication of specialist articles.  Participation in research communities and academic cooperation partners.  The size recommendations for shoes in the Zalando shop use a machine learning  algorithm developed by Zalando Research. In developing the learning algorithm,  Zalando Research has used shopping data with shoe orders, returns due to sizing  and sizing information from various manufacturers. We used this to develop an  intelligent size recommendation procedure for shoes in order to predict which  shoe models are too large or too small.  The legal basis for the processing of your data within the framework of the research  purposes described above is Article 6 (1) f GDPR, whereby our legitimate interests are  2.4 Fraud prevention, selection of payment methods and credit checks  In order to combat the risk of data security breaches, data pertaining to users of our  services is encrypted in transmission. This applies both to ordering and to registering  for a customer account. For this we use the coding system SSL (Secure Socket Layer).  Encryption prevents third parties from viewing the data. To provide additional  protection from external attacks, we rely on special security technologies which  constantly check our systems and identify and report anomalies. We also use technical  and organisational measures to secure our systems against loss, destruction,  unauthorised access or distribution of customer data by unauthorised persons. In this  manner we wish to keep the risk of unauthorised access as low as possible, because  protecting your data is our top priority. However, we - like other companies - cannot  We also use technical and manual procedures for fraud prevention in order to protect us  and our users from misuse of data, especially by fraudulent orders. To this end, Zalando  Payments GmbH summarises and evaluates your device and access data (including IP  address, identifiers, user behaviour), shopping data and payment details (including  address and other creditworthiness data from external credit agencies) as well as the  change history of your profile information (e.g. when your delivery address was last  changed) under a pseudonym when executing an order. The record is also compared with  your previous usage and order habits. We also compare it to general records from all  Zalando orders (also from other Zalando Group companies) involving confirmed or  suspected fraudulent actions. This comparison allows us to identify fraud patterns and  to prevent fraud and identity theft by comparing patterns. Sometimes when based on our  analysis the likelihood of fraud is very high, we may cancel orders or deactivate  accounts in order to minimize the risk of fraudulent orders and protect users whose  accounts may have been taken over.  Following registration for a customer account, Zalando Payments GmbH transmits your name  and your addresses as given in the profile to external credit agencies. This serves to  ensure that you are actually registered and can be reached at the disclosed addresses.  Typical indicators which - usually in combination - may increase the probability of  Your delivery address was changed shortly before the submission of the order and/or  is in a region with increased risk of fraud.  Your order is particularly large and/or includes products which are subject to  particularly high demand at present and/or are carried out at an unusual time for  your region (e.g. at night).  The payment methods invoice or direct debit are used for the order.  There were suspicious login attempts on your account before the order was submitted,  the pattern of which suggests automation.  Your customer account is used from a suspicious IP address.  Your customer account is used by an unknown or suspicious device.  If our security system suspects attempted fraud or an increased risk of fraud, the  relevant procedure will be forwarded to the Zalando  fraud team for manual investigation. Appropriate preventative measures will be taken in  view of the risk of fraud (e.g. temporary  blocking of the customer account or restriction of payment methods offered).  In order to prevent any cases of fraud, in some countries the services of Risk.Ident  GmbH, Am Sandtorkai 50, 20457 Hamburg or  Threatmetrix 160 W. Santa Clara St., Suite 1400, San Jose, California 95113 USA (Privacy  Shield certified) may be used. These services  are currently used in France, the Netherlands and Germany.  These providers collect and process data, with help from cookies and other tracking  technology, to establish the end device used by the  user as well as further data on the use of the website. There is therefore no assignment  Over the course of the order process on our website, we request a risk assessment for  the user's end device from the database of providers.  This risk assessment on the likelihood of attempted fraud considers, amongst other  things, whether the end device has logged on using  different service providers, whether the end device has a geo-reference which frequently  changes, how many transactions were effected on  the end device and whether a proxy connection is used.  If your data is processed to prevent fraud at your expense, the legal basis is Article 6  (1) b GDPR. This processing of your data otherwise  occurs on the basis of Article 6 (1) f GDPR, based on our legitimate interest and that  of other users in the identification and prevention  of fraud and clarification of criminal offences.  Before we show you the payment methods available for a purchase, Zalando Payments GmbH  will carry out a risk assessment and include the total  costs for an order with Zalando. Your previously collected purchase data, payment  details, creditworthiness data, data on your previous  payment behaviour as well as your profile information (such as surname, first name,  delivery and billing address, email address, date of  birth) will be used to carry out the risk assessment. The assessment and evaluation will  be carried out automatically using statistically  justified estimates of the default risk in relation to the payment methods we offer.  Within the framework of the risk assessment, Zalando  Payments GmbH also transmits your data to external credit agencies to receive general  information from these on the evaluation of the  payment-specific default risks (e.g. on whether your address is plausible and  up-to-date) as well as, in individual cases, creditworthiness  data, perhaps on open invoices and circumstances directly resulting in a risk of payment  default (e.g. insolvency, deferral due to inability  to pay). Which specific creditworthiness data is taken into account in the course of the  risk assessment may vary from country to country.  You can find country-specific information on the credit agencies charged with  carrying out the risk assessment and on the  creditworthiness data used under “country-specific  When deciding on the payment types offered, the total costs for the specific payment  type for Zalando as well as the availability of the  payment type in the relevant country are considered. It may be the case that we no  longer offer certain payment types, which are associated  with higher costs, risks or increased returns for us, to our customers who typically  return things at a rate higher than the average (for  return rates higher than 70 %, for example) or who place incredibly small orders. The  modification of available payment types contributes  to lower return rates, which is more sustainable and more economic. At the same time,  our customers continue to have the option of using  our services, as every customer is offered at least one possible payment type and can  The default risk is assessed separately for each payment method in the form of an  estimate. If the risk assessment yields a positive result, we can offer all the payment  methods we generally offer. Otherwise, we will only offer you particular payment  methods. Factors which may influence the availability of a payment method include:  The combination of name and address could not be found. This may result from typing  errors, moves, marriage or a change of district.  You have given a delivery address, packing station or company address differing from  There are still open claims against you.  There have been payment disruptions with particular payment methods in the past.  The risk assessment will not mean that you are not offered any payment method. If you  are not in agreement with the payment methods offered, you can inform us of this in  writing by letter or email at privacy_policy@zalando.co.uk.  We will then check the decision again, taking your viewpoint into account.  The legal basis for processing of your data is Article 6 (1) f GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in avoiding default risks.  You have the right to withdraw consent to the collection of creditworthiness  data for selection of the payment method. You can find more information under “Which data protection rights do I have?”  In addition to the risk assessment Zalando Payments GmbH,  processes your data before showing you the payment methods we make available for a  purchase from us, in the course of an automated credit check. This check serves to  prevent payment defaults and to ensure our security, as it allows us to recognise  attempted fraud and other offences.  Along with data already in Zalando Payments GmbH’s possession, creditworthiness data  from external credit agencies in the form of score values is also used. Score values are  statistically justified estimates of the future risk of a person defaulting and are  represented as a numerical value, such as a percentage. To this end, Zalando Payments  GmbH transmits on our behalf the personal data required for a credit check (generally  your first and last name, your address and if necessary your date of birth) to the  external agency. Address data may also be taken into account when calculating your  score. The credit agency uses the data transmitted by us to correspondingly assess your  creditworthiness on the basis of mathematical-statistical procedures.  You can find information on the credit agencies charged with carrying out credit  checks in your country under “Country-specific  information”. If your country is not listed here, we do not carry out  Depending on the result of the credit check, i.e. whether it is positive or negative, we  will show you appropriate payment methods which you can use to continue and complete  If you are not in agreement with this, you can inform us of this in writing or by email  will then check the decision again, taking your viewpoint into account.  The legal basis for the credit check described above is Article 6 (1) b GDPR, because it  is necessary for the execution of necessary pre-contractual measures. This processing of  your data otherwise occurs on the basis of Article 6 (1) f GDPR, based on our legitimate  interest and that of other users in the avoidance of payment defaults, the  identification and prevention of fraud and the clarification of criminal offences.  2.5 Transfer of data on outstanding debts to collection service providers  In the event that outstanding invoices are not settled despite repeated reminders, we  may transfer the data required to commission a  collection service provider to a collection service provider for the purpose of  collecting the debt. Alternatively, we may sell the  debt to a collection service provider which is then able to file a claim in its own  name. You can find information on the agencies  charged with collection services in your country under "Country-specific  The legal basis for transferring data within the framework of fiduciary collection  services is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR; data is  transferred within the framework of selling debt on the basis of Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.  2.6 Advertising and market research, data analysis  We use your data, also within the framework of data analysis, for advertising and market  research, in particular for the following purposes:  Classification into various target and user groups within the framework of market  Findings on various target groups and their respective usage habits and shopping  The production of findings on demography, interests, our users’ shopping and usage  habits as well as the marketing on these findings within the framework of  advertising services provided to third parties.  The early identification of trends in the areas of fashion and online shopping.  The execution of advertising to existing customers.  The execution of direct marketing, e.g. in the form of newsletters.  The planning, execution and success monitoring of advertising corresponding to the  interests of the target groups being addressed (personalised advertising).  Findings as to how our services are used (usage analysis).  The marketing of the above findings within the framework of advertising services for  Advertising services at Zalando are also offered by Zalando Marketing Services  GmbH. On the Zalando Marketing Services GmbH  Depending on the purpose, we use the data we have stored for data analysis. For example,  we use summarised (aggregated), statistical, depersonalised (anonymised) profile  information or data which can only be assigned to persons via further intermediate steps  (pseudonymised profile information) as well as shopping and device and access data in  order to understand and analyse purchasing processes using data analysis. This gives us  anonymous or pseudonymised findings on our users’ general usage behaviour.  We process your data on the basis of balancing of interests to protect our legitimate  interests or those of third parties (such as advertising partners or dealers which  participate in Zalando’s partner programme). Zalando’s legitimate interest or that of  third parties in data processing derives from the relevant purposes and is, unless  otherwise indicated, of a competitive and economic nature.  Please note that Zalando IOS apps released after 10 June 2021 no longer share any data  with third parties for marketing purposes. In case a particular IOS app still offers  features that involve data sharing with a third party for marketing purposes, your data  will only be shared if you click “agree” on an iOS tracking prompt.  If data processing for the above purposes occurs with your consent, the legal basis is  Article 6 (1) a GDPR (consent). This data processing data otherwise occurs on the basis  of Article 6 (1) f GDPR, whereby the legitimate interests are for the above purposes.  2.7 Product and technology development  We use your data for product and technology development including the development and  improvement of personalised services. In doing this we use aggregated, pseudonymised or  anonymised data and machine learning algorithms, perhaps from our research, which  facilitate estimates, prognoses and analysis in the interests of our users. In this way,  for example, we can develop apps which can suggest products targeted to your interests  and needs and recognise styles and assign products which correspond to your actual  interests. Data is processed in relation to product and technology development  particularly for the following purposes:  The development and improvement of personalised services and technologies for data  analysis, advertising and personalised online shopping.  The development of technologies and concepts to improve IT security, prevent fraud  and improve data protection e.g. by pseudonymisation, encryption and anonymisation  The development and testing of software solutions for the optimisation of necessary  The legal basis for the processing of your data for product and technology development  purposes is Article 6 (1) f GDPR, whereby our legitimate interests are in the above  2.8 Business management and business optimisation  We transmit and process your data where necessary for administrative and logistical  processes and to optimise business processes within Zalando Group in order to design  these in a more efficient and legally secure way and to fulfil our contractual and legal  obligations (e.g. retention obligations under commercial and tax law). Many systems and  technologies are shared within Zalando Group. This allows us to offer a more economical,  secure, unified and personalised service. Therefore, various companies within Zalando  Group have access to your data in so far as this is necessary for the fulfilment of the  purposes named in this Privacy Notice.  If you register with your customer account (provider: Zalando SE) for Zalon  (provider: Zalando Fashion Entrepreneurs GmbH), Zalando SE grants Zalando  Fashion Entrepreneurs GmbH access to the information stored in your customer  account in the necessary scope. This allows us to transfer your profile  information and contact details without you having to enter them again. Your  orders are then used by your Zalon stylist when advising you.  If you contact Zalando customer service, your request is forwarded to  Zalando Customer Care DACH SE & Co. KG and processed there. Zalando Customer  Care DACH SE & Co. KG is responsible for customer service in the  German-speaking area within Zalando Group. If this is necessary for the  processing of your concern, a customer service employee from Zalando  Customer Care DACH SE & Co. KG may access the data stored on you by other  Zalando companies, for example your order data (e.g. in order to clarify  your questions regarding a return).  Data processing for business management and business optimisation also includes, for  The execution and improvement of customer service.  The prevention and clarification of criminal offences.  Guaranteeing the security and operability of our IT systems.  The legal basis for the processing of your data for business management and optimisation  is Article 6 (1) f GDPR, whereby our legitimate interests are in the above purposes.  Where we process your data on the basis of legal specifications, e.g. retention  obligations and money laundering tests under tax law, the legal basis is Article 6 (1) c  2.9 On the basis of your consent  If you have given us your consent for the processing of personal data, your consent is  the primary basis of our data processing. Which of your data we process on the basis of  your consent depends on the purpose of your consent. Typical purposes include:  Participation in surveys and market research studies.  The processing of particularly sensitive data, containing e.g. your political  opinions, religious or ideological convictions or state of health.  The recording of telephone conversations which you have e.g. with our hotline.  The transmission of your data to third parties or to a country outside the European  The execution of a credit check (if it is not necessary for contractual fulfilment  Processing of your location data by Google Maps in specific cases, such as offering  information on the nearest pick-up points of your order.  You can withdraw consent at any time with effect for the future, e.g. by e-mail,  If the relevant service supports this function, you can adjust and withdraw  consent to receive newsletters and other notifications in the preference centre.  You can find the link to the preference centre in each newsletter. Each  newsletter also contains a corresponding unsubscribe link.  You can find further instructions under “Which data  protection rights do I have?”  If data protection law allows it, we can use your data for new purposes such as carrying  out data analyses and developing our services and content without your consent. It is a  prerequisite for this that these new purposes which the data is to be used for were not  fixed or foreseeable when the relevant data was collected and the new purposes are  compatible with the purposes for which the relevant data was originally collected. For  example, new developments in the legal or technical sphere and new business models and  services may lead to new processing purposes.  The development and provision of personalised functionalities and services for you is our top  priority. We offer you an  individual shopping experience and a range tailored to your individual interests, regardless of  used. The processing of your data to personalise our service is therefore an integral part of  If you create a wish list in the Zalando app, you can view and edit this later on  If you search for products on the Zalando website, we save your search terms. This  allows us to show the results first which are probably particularly relevant to you  when you search the Zalando website in future.  If you place a product in the basket, we can give you recommendations on the  selection of a suitable clothing size on the basis of your previous orders and  If you have subscribed to our newsletter, we can present you with products which fit  We also consider your previous orders when recommending new products to you that may  3.1 What are personalised services?  Personalised services allow us to offer you better, more practical and more secure  services. To this end we use the data we have stored about you in order to determine  your needs and interests. On this basis we can offer you more relevant content  corresponding to your needs and interests. Of course, you still have access to all  content. Personalisation allows you to see content which is more relevant to you more  quickly, or content is specially presented to you (e.g. in the form of individual  3.2 Why do I need a customer account?  Most of our personalised services require you to set up a customer account so that we  can save data we collect on you at a central location.  3.3 Which data is saved on my customer account?  Data which we collect about you is saved on your customer account, along with your  customer number (customer ID). The customer number is a randomly generated sequence of  numbers which does not contain any personal data. Your data is associated with your  customer number, in order to link you to your customer account. The customer number also  3.4 Which data is used for personalisation?  Personalised content is generally selected on the basis of all data stored on your  If device and access data is used which is not saved on your customer account, these are  only pseudonymised for the relevant personalisation (so e.g. in connection with your  customer number, but not in connection with your named or other directly identifying  profile data) for the duration of the usage.  Information for campaigns and surveys  Notifications (e.g. from customer service)  You can view most of the data we have stored on your customer account at any time. If  required you can also edit this data on your account and influence personalisation,  perhaps by providing your preferences.  If personalisation is based on device and access data, you can prevent the collection of  this data by deactivating the collection of this data by tracking tools. Please bear in  mind, however, that you will receive less or no personalised content and services.  Please bear in mind that the data used for personalised services are also needed for  other purposes (including the provision of our services), in which case the collection  of the data required will continue to be collected. However, the advertising presented  to you will then not be personalised.  4. Info on websites and apps  We use your data to provide access to the Zalando websites and apps. Along with the device and  whenever you use these services, the type of data processed as well as the processing purposes  how you use the functions and services provided via our services. We also use the data collected  when you use our services  to find out how our online offering is used. We use this information and other information in  personalisation to improve our services and for personalised advertising.  You can find the responsible service provider in the imprint of the relevant website or  4.2 Which data is collected?  We generally collect all the data which you directly share with us via our services.  Whenever you access our services and databases, we collect device and access data and  record it in so-called server log files. The IP address it contains is anonymised  shortly after the end of the relevant session, as soon as storage is no longer required  to maintain the functionality of the relevant website.  If it is available and activated on your device, we also collect a device-specific ID  number (e.g. a so-called “promo ID” if you are using an Android device or an “ad ID” if  you are using an Apple device). This device ID is issued by the manufacturer of your  operating system and can be read by websites and apps and used to present content on the  basis of your usage habits. If you do not want this, you can deactivate it at any time  in your device’s browser settings or system settings.  We set up password-protected personal access for users who register for a customer  account or another service. If you do not log out again after logging in with your login  details, most services automatically keep you logged in. Depending on the type of  service, a cookie or similar technology is used for this. This function allows you to  use part of our services without having to log in again every time. For security  reasons, however, you will be asked to enter your password again if, for example, you  want to change your profile information or submit an order. You can find more  Our services may contain social plug-ins (“plug-ins”) from various social networks.  These plug-ins allow you, for example, to share content or recommend products. The  plug-ins are deactivated as standard and therefore do not send any data. You can  activate the plug-ins by clicking on the corresponding button (e.g. “activate social  media”. The plug-ins can also be deactivated again with a click. If the plug-ins are  activated, your web browser sets up a direct connection to the web servers of the  relevant social network. The content of the plug-ins is then transferred by the social  network directly to your web browser and integrated by the latter into our website.  Integrating the plug-ins allows the social network to receive the information that you  have called up the relevant page of our internet offering and can collect your device  and access data. If you are logged into the social network, the latter may also assign  the visit to your account with the relevant social network. If you interact with the  plug-ins, for example by clicking the Facebook “like” button or making a comment, the  corresponding information will be transmitted by your browser directly to the social  network and stored there. The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further  processing and use of the data by the particular social networks and your rights and  configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in the  privacy notices of the respective social networks and websites. You can find the links  to these below. Even if you are not registered with the social networks, websites with  active plug-ins may send data to the networks. An active plug-in will place a cookie  with an ID each time you call up the website. Because your web browser sends this cookie  without being asked every time you connect to a server, the social network could in  principle create a profile of which websites the user belonging to the ID had called up.  And it would also be quite possible to assign this ID to a person, for example if they  later registered with the social network.  We use plug-ins by the social network facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S.  California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”), on several websites. You can find  the link to Facebook’s Data Protection Declaration here: Facebook’s privacy policy.  We use plug-ins by the social network Twitter, operated by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St.,  Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA (“Twitter”), on several websites. You can find  the link to Twitter’s privacy policy here: Twitter’s  We use plug-ins by the social network Pinterest, operated by Pinterest Inc., 651 Brannan  Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (“Pinterest”), on several websites. You can find  the link to Pinterest’s privacy policy here: Pinterest’s privacy  Our services may offer you the option of registering with us directly using your social  network accounts. If you wish to use this function, you will first be forwarded to the  relevant social network’s offering. There you will be asked to log in with your user  name and password. Of course, we do not ourselves take note of your login details. If  you are already logged in, this step will be skipped. The relevant social network then  notifies you and asks you to confirm which data are transmitted to us (e.g. public  profile, friends list, email address and current residence). We use the data transmitted  to create your customer account, but will not, of course, save your friends list, for  example. No further permanent connection between your customer account and your social  network account will take place. We also receive social network data from the providers  of the relevant social networks.  Our services use the device and access data from the usage analysis, which are collected  when you use our service, for shopping personalisation. Depending on the type of  service, this may include common tracking technologies using tracking pixels and  identification cookies or similar Ids (so-called tagging). In addition, our advertising  partners may collect your device and access data in this way, in order to provide us  with information on your interests and demographic data (such as age, gender, region)  during your use of our services. This allows us to present you with advertising and/or  particular offerings and services which correspond to your interests (for example  product recommendations based on the fact that you have only viewed trainers in the last  few days). Our goal when doing this is to make our offering as attractive to you as  possible and to present you with advertising corresponding to your interest areas. Of  course, you can continue to use all content and functions. This on-site optimisation  does, however, allow us to first show you content and functions which are more relevant  for you. On-site optimisation is carried out automatically by our systems, which  recognise that users have repeatedly called up products and content from particular  You can find further information under “How does Zalando  use my data for advertising?”  If you do not want on-site optimisation, you can deactivate this function at any time:  To do this, please deactivate the “data processing” function (in the Zalando app you  will find this function on the info menu under the point “About us”).  In other services, please do this by deactivating web analysis or app analysis.  Our websites use cookies. Accepting cookies is not a prerequisite for using our  websites. We would, however, like to point out that our websites can only function on a  limited basis if you do not accept cookies. You can set your browser up in such a way  that cookies are only saved if you agree to this.  Cookies are small text files which are saved by your web browser and which save  particular settings and data for exchange with our web server.  A distinction is generally made between two different types of cookies,  so-called session cookies, which are deleted as soon as you close your browser,  and temporary/permanent cookies which are stored for a longer period. Storing  this data helps us to design our websites and services for you accordingly and  makes them easier for you to use, for example by saving particular entries so  that you do not have to repeat them constantly.  The cookies used by our website may come from Zalando or advertising partners. If you  only wish to accept the Zalando cookies, but not our advertising partners’ cookies, you  can choose the corresponding setting in your browser (e.g. “block third-party cookies).  The help function in your web browser’s menu bar generally shows you have to reject new  cookies, and to turn off cookies which have already been received. We recommend that you  completely log out after you finish using our website on shared computers which are set  to accept cookies and Flash cookies.  Our services use three categories of cookies:  Necessary cookies: These cookies are required for optimal navigation and operation  of the website. For example, these cookies are used to implement the basket  function, such that the goods in your basket stay saved while you continue with the  purchase. The necessary cookies also serve to save particular inputs and settings  which you have made so that you don’t have to constantly repeat them, and to adapt  Zalando content to your individual interests. Only limited use of the website is  Statistical cookies: These cookies collect device and access data to analyse the use  of our website, such as which areas of the website are used how (so-called surfing  behaviour), how fast content is loaded and whether errors occur. These cookies only  contain anonymous or pseudonymous information and are only used to improve our  website and to find out what our users are interested in, and to measure how  effective our advertising is. Statistical cookies can be blocked without adversely  affecting the navigation and operation of the website.  Marketing cookies (“tracking cookies”): These cookies contain identifiers and  collect device and access data, in order to adapt personalised advertising on  Zalando websites to your individual interests. Our advertising partners who operate  online advertising networks also collect device and access data on our websites.  This allows us to display personalised advertising on other websites and in other  providers’ apps which fits your interests (so-called retargeting). Marketing cookies  can be blocked without adversely affecting the navigation and operation of the  website. Shopping personalisation may, however, not be possible.  We have collected country-specific overviews of all cookies used in the Zalando shop.  You can find these under “Information on individual websites”.  Zalando apps are available on app platforms run by third parties, so-called app stores  (e.g. Google Play and Apple App Store). Download may therefore require prior  registration with the relevant app store. Zalando has no influence on the processing of  your data in connection with your registration with and use of these app stores. The  operator of the relevant app store therefore has full responsibility. Please get  information if required from the relevant app store operator directly.  If your operating system has an integrated function for sharing app content, you can  call this up in our apps via the share or recommend button in order to share content or  recommend products. Depending on which functions your device or operating system has and  how you have configured your device, you can also use social networks to share content.  We would like to point out that the share functions used by our app are operating  system-side functions. We do not receive any information on the recipients and content  of your communication. You can get more information on the share functions and your  configuration options from the manufacturer of your device.  Which social networks are available to you for sharing content depends on which social  networks you are a member of and how you have configured your membership account and  device. You can find further information in the relevant privacy policies of the social  The functions of some of our apps use your device’s location services to collect  location information. This is for the purpose of offering you app-based services and  content tailored to your current location. For example, an app can show you transactions  in your area and suggest products to you which are suited to the weather at your current  location. If you allow the app to access location services, your location will be  regularly transmitted to us for this purposes. We do not use this data to produce any  Our apps can inform you using push notifications of particular events or topics even if  you are not currently using the app. Push notifications are an app-specific form of  notification which we can use to address you directly. If you do not want this, you can  deactivate the push service at any time using your device settings and in the settings  If you activate the push notification service, your device will be assigned a  device-specific push ID. For technical reasons, no push notifications can be sent  without a push ID. Push Ids are only encrypted, randomly generated sequences of number.  For some functions, our apps must be able to access certain interfaces and data on your  device. Depending on which operating system you use, this may require your express  consent. Below we explain to you which authorisations (if these are relevant for the  processing of your data) our apps may request and for which kind of functions these  authorisations are required. You can change your authorisation settings in your devices’  Location services/location information: Authorisation for access to your device’s  location services is required, so that an app can access the location determined by  your device. If you do not allow access, the location-based display of content may  not be possible, or may only be possible on a limited basis.  Notifications/push notifications: Authorisation is required for the use of the push  service. Some devices activate authorisation for all apps as standard.  Access to saved photos: The authorisation is necessary so that an app can access  saved photos (read access) or photos produced by an app can be saved on your device  Camera: Authorisation is required so that an app can use your device’s camera  function, perhaps to take photos or capture QR codes. The relevant app will only  access the camera if you use the relevant function in the app.  Requesting mobile data (iOS) or access to all networks and network connections  (Android): When using or installing certain apps, these authorisations will be  requested in order to allow the relevant app to transfer data via your device’s  internet connection (by WLAN or data connection). This authorisation may be  necessary in order to transfer inputs in the app, e.g. in the course of a search, to  Changing, deleting or reading the content of USB memory devices/SD cards: These  authorisations are required to allow the relevant app to store or read data on your  device’s memory or any auxiliary storage. The relevant app will only read the data  which was stored in connection with the use of this app.  Our websites and apps contain cookies and similar tracking technologies from advertising  partners which operate an online advertising network. This also allows our advertising  partners to collect your device and access data and to present you with personalised  advertising on other websites and in other providers’ apps targeted to your interests  (e.g. advertising based on which products you have previously viewed in the Zalando  You can find further information under “How does Zalando use my  You can deactivate the processing of your data for retargeting at any time:  To do this, please deactivate the “Data processing” function in the Zalando shop.  You can find this function in the Zalando app in the info menu under the point  “About us”. In the Zalando web shop you can find this function directly next to the  link to this Privacy Notice.  In other services, please do this by deactivating usage analysis.  For other websites and apps you can also deactivate retargeting by participating  online advertising networks on the deactivation page of the European Interactive  Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA): Deactivate  We use common tracking technologies to evaluate device and access data. This allows us  to find out how our offering is being used by our users in general. We do this using  identification cookies and similar identifiers. This allows us to find out, for example,  which content and topics are particularly popular, when our services are used the most,  from which regions (down to the city level) our services are used and which browsers and  devices our users generally use.  We may also carry out so-called A/B tests in the course of usage analysis. A/B tests are  a special kind of usage analysis. A/B testing (also known as split testing) is an  approach to comparing two versions of a website or app in order to find out which  version performs better, is more popular or lets users find their desired content  quicker. Producing a version A and version B and testing both versions provides data  which makes it easier and faster to make changes to services and content.  You can find out which tracking tools our websites and apps use under “Information on individual websites”.  You can also find information there on deactivating usage analysis.  You can deactivate the processing of your data for usage analysis at any time:  To do this, please deactivate the “Data processing” function in the Zalando shop.  You can find this function in the Zalando app in the info menu under the point  “About us”. In the Zalando web shop you can find this function directly next to the  link to this Privacy Notice.  In other services, please do this by deactivating usage analysis.  5. Information about Social Media Fan Pages  Zalando maintains social media profiles on the social networks of Facebook and Instagram  We regularly publish and share content, offers and product recommendations on our fan pages. The  social networks record your usage behaviour via cookies and similar technologies upon every  fan pages or other Facebook or Instagram websites. Fan page operators can view general  and demographic characteristics (e.g. age, gender, region) of fan page visitors. When you use  nature, scope and purposes of processing social network data are determined primarily by the  5.1. Provider / Responsible party  The responsible Zalando company, which acts as the content provider responsible of a fan  page, is visible in the  Legal Info of the respective fan page.  The Facebook and Instagram social networks are both provided by Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4  Insofar as you communicate directly with us via our fan pages or share personal content  be responsible for processing your data. An exception applies to the data processing for  which is described in the following; in this case, we are jointly responsible with  Processing of your data by Facebook  Please note that Facebook also processes your data when you use our fan pages  for their own purposes, which are not covered  in this Privacy Notice. We have no influence over these data processing  operations of Facebook. In this regard, we refer  you to the privacy policy of the respective social networks:  5.2. Which Data are Collected?  When you visit our fan pages, Zalando collects all communications, content and other  information that you provide us directly,  e.g. when you post something on a fan page or send us a private message. Of course, if  you have an account on the social  network, we can also see your public information, such as your username, information in  your public profile, and content that  you share with a public audience. For more information, see  "Which data does Zalando process”.  Whenever you interact with fan pages, Facebook uses cookies and similar technologies to  track the usage behaviour of fan page  visits. On this basis, fan page operators receive so-called "Page Insights". Page  depersonalised (anonymised) information about visitors to the fan page, which can  therefore not be assigned to a specific person.  We do not have access to the personal information Facebook uses to create Page Insights  ("Page Insights data"). Selection and  processing of Page Insights data is performed exclusively by Facebook.  Page insights offer us information about how our fan pages are used, what interests  visitors to our fan pages have, and what topics  and content are particularly popular. This allows us to optimise our fan page  activities, e.g. by better tailoring to the interests  and usage habits of our audience when planning and selecting content.  Zalando and Facebook share responsibility for processing your data for providing Page  Insights. For this purpose, we and Facebook  have defined an agreement about which company fulfils the data protection obligations  under the GDPR with regard to Page Insights  You can view the agreement with Facebook here:  Facebook has summarised the important parts of this agreement (including a list  of Page Insights data) for you here:  If you have given consent to the creation of Page Insights data to Facebook, the legal  basis is Article 6 (1) a GDPR (Consent).  Otherwise, the legal basis is Article 6 (1) f GDPR, whereby our legitimate interests are  5.3. Which data protection rights do I have?  Of course, your privacy rights described in "Which data protection  rights do I have?" also apply to the processing of your data in  connection with our fan pages.  For the purposes of processing your Page Insights data with Facebook, we have agreed  with Facebook that Facebook is primarily  responsible for providing you with information about the processing of your Page  Insights data and for enabling you to exercise your  privacy rights under the GDPR (e.g. right to object). You can find more information  about your data protection rights in connection  with Page Insights and how you can exercise them directly with regard to Facebook:  Tip: You can also address your enquiry to Zalando; we will then forward your  We offer you various newsletter services which include  Inspirational content such as updates on brands, trends, offers, sales, categories;  Reminders e.g. when an item on your wishlist is reduced in price, if items in your bag are  forgotten or if you asked for a size reminder;  Surveys which for example seek to find out whether you liked the items you purchased;  Personalised recommendations of items we think you might like based on your previous orders  Updates from the influencers or brands that you may follow on our site.  If you signed up for newsletters, you will receive some of the newsletter services as described  above (depending on the scope of your subscription). There are also service-specific  newsletters, which are integral components of a particular service.  For example, you will only receive the Zalando Lounge newsletter if you are a member of the  Zalando Lounge shopping club. You will need a Zalando Lounge newsletter so that you can be  informed about current short time offers and use the advantages of the shopping club.  6.1. How do I register?  When sending out our notifiable newsletters (such as the Zalando shop newsletter), we  use the so-called double opt-in procedure or single opt-in procedure  (country-dependent), i. e. we will only send you the newsletter if you have given  explicit prior consent to us activating the newsletter. If a double opt-in is required  in your country, you must also have confirmed that the email address you have shared  with us belongs to you. For this purpose, we will send you a notification email and ask  you to confirm by clicking on one of the links in this email that you are the owner of  the email address you have shared with us. We may waive this measure if you have already  confirmed to us in this way for another purpose that you are the owner of this email  You can change the settings for the newsletter services anytime yourself. For  Zalando Shop and Zalando Lounge you can choose your settings in the  corresponding preference centre (www.zalando.[locale]/messages for the Zalando  shop and https://www.zalando-lounge.de/myaccount/newsletter for the Zalando  Lounge) - please visit the preference centre so that we can best respond to your  Sometimes you may also receive email reminders if you have left items in your  shopping cart without checking out. If you do not want to receive these alerts  you can manage your preferences via login into your profile and unselect the  checkbox “Item alerts” in the category “Your Newsletters”.  Furthermore, you may receive commercial messages from Zalando (subject to competition  law) , e.g. individual recommendations after your last purchase, without having  subscribed to a newsletter. You can find further information about this under “Individual product recommendations by email and push  In order to provide you with more personalised content, Zalando also aggregates data  based on your engagement with Zalando and its services. For example, if you open our  newsletters often, we know that you are interested in them and will be able to serve  your needs accordingly both in terms of frequency and content of the emails.  If you no longer wish to receive emails from us, you can unsubscribe at any time by  using the unsubscribe link available in every newsletter or in every commercial message  you receive from us. You may also send a notification in text form (e.g. email, fax,  letter) to the Zalando company responsible for the relevant newsletter. Where preference  centres are available (like for Lounge and Zalando Shop), you can unsubscribe from the  newsletter in the preference centre too.  Feel free to contact privacy_policy@zalando.co.uk  to unsubscribe or in case you experience any difficulties.  If you wish to unsubscribe from the Zalando shop newsletter, you can use the  link provided in every newsletter email. If you are also subscribed to  newsletters sent by another Zalando shop like Zalando Lounge or Zalando Outlets,  please follow the unsubscribe link in those newsletters or contact  privacy_policy@zalando.co.uk to unsubscribe from all newsletters. Please be  unsubscribing from one Zalando shop service does not automatically entail  6.3. Which data is collected?  If you subscribe to a newsletter, we temporarily store your IP address and save the time  of your subscription and confirmation. This way we can prove that you actually  subscribed and identify any unauthorised use of your email address.  We collect device and access data when you interact with newsletters, transactional  emails, as well as push notifications. For this evaluation, the newsletters contain  links to image files stored on our web servers. When you open a newsletter, your email  programme loads these image files from our web server. We collect the device and access  data under a randomly generated ID number (newsletter ID), which we will not use to  identify you without your consent. This way we can understand whether and when a  newsletter was opened. The links contained in the newsletters likewise contain their  newsletter ID so that we can determine which content is read. In order to personalise  the communication, we collect open and click data to provide you with relevant  communication. We aggregate the data for newsletter ID and connect your newsletter  subscription with your customer account in order to personalise newsletter content  according to your interests and usage habits and to statistically analyse how our users  This shopping personalisation is an integral component of the Zalando shop newsletter.  You may object to the personalisation at any time by changing your settings in the “Data  Preferences” section on Zalando’s website.  We connect this data to other data which we collect within the framework of usage  analysis, as long as you opt in for analytics tracking in the “Data Preferences” section  Alternatively, you can deactivate the display of images in your email programme. In this  case, however, the newsletter will not be displayed to you in full.  7. Individual product recommendations by email and push service  In connection with our services we present information and offerings from Zalando on the basis  of your interests. You may receive a limited number of individual product recommendations,  surveys, as well as product review requests from us regardless of whether you have subscribed to  a newsletter. In accordance with legal stipulations, we preferentially use the data on your  previous orders, to select individual product recommendations.  You can also find further information about the personalisation of individual recommendations  If you do not wish to receive any individual product recommendations from us by email, you can  informally object to it at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link which you will find in  every email, or by sending an email to privacy_policy@zalando.co.uk.  For push notification settings, you can deactivate these in the Zalando Application by following  My Account > Settings > Notifications.  We use the data submitted when ordering Zalando vouchers to check and process the order and to  issue and redeem the voucher. This also includes the recording and processing of the data  connected to use of the voucher, especially for fraud prevention.  We also stored the following data for this purpose:  Personalisation data (if you provide this)  Name of voucher holder (for personal vouchers)  Name of the redeeming party and the customer account ID of the account used for  9. How does Zalando use my data for advertising?  We and our advertising partners use your data for personalised advertising presented to you in  Zalando’s services and on other providers’ websites and apps. We and our advertising partners  use the prevailing market technologies for this purpose. This allows us to advertise in a more  targeted way in order to display as many adverts and offers to you which are actually relevant  to you. This allows us to better meet our users’ needs as regards personalisation and  discovering new products and to interest you in our service in the long run by providing a more  Please note that Zalando IOS apps released after 10 June 2021 no longer share any data with  third parties for marketing purposes. In case a particular IOS app still offers features that  involve data sharing with a third party for marketing purposes, your data will only be shared if  you click “agree” on an iOS tracking prompt.  If you are looking for trainers on the website of a Zalando advertising partner, we can  take this information into account in your product searches in the Zalando shop. This  allows us e.g. to show you trainers first in the “shoes” area or to recommend you  trainers in the feed on the homepage. If you inform us of preferences in your customer  account or you have already bought sports items from us, we can also take this  information into account in our recommendations.  9.1. Advertising formats and channels  The advertising formats used by Zalando and Zalando’s advertising partners include  presentations in the Zalando shop (within the framework of on-site and in-app  optimisation), adverts on social networks (e.g. Facebook ads, Instagram ads, YouTube  video ads) and advertising spaces mediated via the online advertising networks used by  Zalando such as DoubleClick by Google.  Advertising services at Zalando are also offered by Zalando Marketing Services  GmbH. On the Zalando Marketing Services GmbH  Zalando does not sell any personal data. When our advertising customers book a Zalando  advertising format with Zalando Marketing Services GmbH, they do not receive any data  which could be used to contact or identify you without your express consent. Our  advertising customers only receive anonymous, aggregated reports with information on the  effectiveness and reach of the advertising services we provide. These reports are based  on Zalando Marketing Services GmbH’s own surveys, and sometimes also take into account  summarised reports which we receive from our advertising partners and social networks.  These show, for example, how our advertising services have affected sales to various  9.2. Information which we use to create target groups  In creating target groups we use our own findings from data analysis on our users’ usage  and purchasing behaviour and customers as well as our market research on user  segmentation which we apply to the user data collected by Zalando. In doing this we  especially consider aggregated, pseudonymised or anonymised shopping data, search  histories, interests data and demographic profile data as well as device and access  A target group may be: “Women between 25 and 35 years old who are  fashion-conscious and interested in sport, and who have ordered an Adidas  product in the last year”.  Our advertising partners also have the option to provide us with their own data for user  segmentation, which was collected by the advertising partners themselves. The  advertising partners must undertake only to provide Zalando with aggregated, encrypted  or anonymous data, so that we cannot assign the data to any particular person,  especially any particular user of the Zalando shop. Some target groups are created on  the basis of the users’ surfing behaviour. This is the case if advertising is only  intended to be presented to users who have recently visited a particular website or  9.3. How do we use this information in online advertising on the Zalando shop and in other  We use the above information within the framework of on-site optimisation in order to  present you with more relevant information and content when you search for products,  call up your feed or visit a product area. On-site and in-app optimisation is based on  cookies and similar identification technologies for the pseudonymous collection of  device and access data. This data is not used to identify you personally, but rather to  evaluate your usage pseudonymously. Your data is never permanently combined with other  personal data we have stored on your person. This technology allows us to present you  with products and/or particular offerings and services with content based on your device  and access data (for example advertising geared to the fact that you have only viewed  sports clothing in the last few days).  If you do not want on-site optimisation, you can deactivate this function at any time:  To do this, please deactivate the “Data processing” function in the Zalando shop.  You can find this function in the Zalando app in the info menu under the point  “About us”. In the Zalando web shop you can find this function directly next to the  link to this Privacy Notice.  In other services, please do this by deactivating web analysis or app analysis.  Please bear in mind that data used for on-site and in-app optimisation is also used  for other purposes (including the provision of our services). The collection of the  data used for this is therefore not prevented by deactivation. The advertising  presented to you will, however, no longer be personalised.  If we advertise via advertising formats offered by social networks (e.g. YouTube,  Facebook, Instagram), we have the option of forwarding encrypted information on Zalando  users (e.g. device and access data such as advertising and cookie IDs, email addresses)  which we believe belong to an advertising customer’s target group or show particular  features (e.g. age group, region, interests).  The relevant social network will then - either on our behalf as an order processor or  with the consent of the relevant user - decrypt the transmitted data and display the  advertising booked by us to the user as part of his existing usage relationship with the  relevant social network (if he is a member of the relevant social network).  If you do not want us to use your data to present you with personalised advertising on  social networks, you can deactivate the forwarding of your data:  To do this, please deactivate the “Data processing” function in the Zalando shop.  You can find this function in the Zalando app in the info menu under the point  “About us”. In the Zalando web shop you can find this function directly next to the  link to this Privacy Notice.  In other services, please do this by deactivating web analysis or app analysis.  If you have consented to the forwarding of your data to social networks, you can  withdraw your consent at any time.  You may also have the option of deactivating the use of your data for personalised  advertising by the social networks you use by directly contacting the relevant  providers. For further information, directly contact:  Google (Google advertising network, YouTube, Google search):  9.5. on advertising spaces mediated via online advertising networks (retargeting)  Advertising partners which run an online advertising network may use cookies and similar  technologies to pseudonymously collect your usage behaviour using device and access data  on the Zalando shop and in other providers’ apps. These advertising partners use the  data collected in order to identify the probability of you belonging to the target group  we are addressing, and take this into account when choosing the adverts on the  advertising spaces mediated via their online advertising network. This standard internet  technology is referred to as retargeting. Retargeting allows us to run advertising which  is as relevant to you as possible and to measure the efficiency and reach of the  advertising materials, but also to check our advertising partners’ bills for campaigns  You can get further information on the operators of the respective advertising spaces  and the online advertising networks charged with mediating them. You can find an  overview of advertising partners and information on deactivation under “Information on individual websites”.  You can deactivate the processing of your data for retargeting at any time:  To do this, please deactivate the “Data processing” function in the Zalando shop.  You can find this function in the Zalando app in the info menu under the point  “About us”. On the Zalando web shop you can find this function directly next to the  link which you used to reach this Privacy Notice.  In other services, please do this by deactivating usage analysis.  You can deactivate retargeting by participating online advertising networks for our  websites on the deactivation page of the European Interactive Digital Advertising  Please bear in mind that the data used for retargeting is also needed for other purposes  (including the provision of our services). The collection of the data used for this is  therefore not prevented by deactivation. The advertising presented to you will then not,  10. Who is my data forwarded to?  Zalando only forwards your data if this is allowed by German or European law. We work  particularly closely with certain service providers, for example in the area of customer service  (e.g. hotline service providers), with technical service providers (e.g. running computer  centres) or with logistics companies (e.g. postal companies such as DHL). These service  providers may generally only process your data on our behalf under special conditions. Where we  use them to process orders, the service providers only receive access to your data in the scope  and for the time period required for provision of the relevant service. If you shop with a  Zalando partner, we forward particular shopping data regarding you to the Zalando partner (e.g.  your name and your delivery address), so that the Zalando partner can send you the goods  Many systems and technologies are shared within Zalando Group. This allows us to offer  you a more economical, secure, unified and personalised service. Therefore, companies  within Zalando group which require access to your data to fulfil our contractual and  legal obligations, or to fulfil their respective functions within Zalando group, receive  If you register with your customer account (provider: Zalando SE) for Zalon  (provider: Zalando Fashion Entrepreneurs GmbH), Zalando SE grants Zalando  Fashion Entrepreneurs GmbH access to the information stored in your customer  account in the necessary scope.  When you contact Zalando customer service, your request is forwarded to  Zalando Customer Care DACH SE & Co. KG or Zalando Customer Care  International Se & Co. KG and processed there. Both these Zalando  companies are responsible for customer service within Zalando group. Where  this is necessary to process your concerns, these two Zalando companies may  access your data stored by other Zalando companies, for example your order  When you submit an order, your order and payment details are forwarded to  Zalando Payments GmbH. Zalando Payments GmbH is responsible for payment  We work with external shipping companies (e.g. DHL) to deliver orders. These shipping  companies receive the following data to execute the relevant order:  your post number if applicable (if you wish to have the order delivered to a DHL  your email address if applicable (if the shipping company wishes to inform you of  the provisional delivery date by email)  10.3. Partners in the Zalando partner programme  Within the framework of the Zalando partner programme we allow other retailers  (so-called Zalando partners) to sell their products (so-called Zalando partner items)  via the Zalando shop. The Zalando shop serves as a sales platform for the mediation of  purchase agreements within the framework of the Zalando partner programme. “Sale and  shipping by our partner” is then displayed under the relevant Zalando partner item,  along with the name of the relevant Zalando partner.  When you order a Zalando partner item, the item is generally dispatched by the relevant  Zalando partner. We forward your shopping data to the Zalando partner for this purpose.  Details on the Zalando partner items ordered  In some cases or countries we also transmit your email address or telephone number to a  partner, but only where this is necessary to facilitate the delivery of the item to you.  Even if you purchase a Zalando partner item, Zalando remains responsible for processing  your data. Your data will neither be processed together with a Zalando partner nor on  behalf of a Zalando partner. Zalando will ensure that the Zalando partner programme does  not give Zalando partners any control over the processing of your data. When you  purchase a Zalando partner’s items or goods from Zalando, Zalando only transmits to the  Zalando partner the data listed above which the Zalando partner requires in order to  fulfil its service to you, i.e. normally in order to deliver the purchased goods to you.  When Zalando transmits your data to a Zalando partner for the reasons above, Zalando  will ensure in the contractual agreements with the partners that the Zalando partner  only processes your data for the above purposes.  Please bear in mind that the Zalando partners have their own data protection provisions.  You can usually find these on the relevant partner pages of the Zalando shop and/or on  the websites of the relevant Zalando partner. Zalando is not responsible for its  partners’ data protection provisions and data processing practices.  We work with technical service providers in order to be able to provide our services.  These service providers include, for example, Telekom Deutschland GmbH, Salesforce.com  EMEA Ltd. and Amazon Web Services, Inc. If they process your data outside the European  Union, this may mean that your data is transmitted to a country with a lower data  protection standard than the European Union. In such cases Zalando will ensure that the  relevant service providers contractually or otherwise guarantee an equivalent data  Zalando offers different payment options, such as advance payment, payment by credit  card, payment by PayPal and payment on invoice. For this purpose, payment data can be  transferred to payment service providers with whom we work with. You can find more  details about processing of personal data by payment service providers in their privacy  Adyen N.V., Simon Carmiggeltstraat 6-50, 1011 DJ Amsterdam, the Netherlands.  Please find more information in Adyen  American Express Payment Services Limited, a branch office in Germany,  Theodor-Heuss-Allee 112, 60486 Frankfurt am Main.  Please find more information in American Express  Elavon Financial Services DAC, a branch office in Germany, Lyoner Str. 36,  Please find more information in Elavon  Worldpay B.V. Claude Debussylaan 16, 6th Floor, 1082 MD Amsterdam, the  Please find more information in Worldpay  iDeal by Deutsche Bank AG, a branch office in the Netherlands, De Entree  Please find more information in Deutsche Bank  Svea Payments Oy, Mechelininkatu 1a, 00180 Helsinki.  Please find more information in Svea Payments  BS PayOne by PayOne GmbH, Lyoner Straße 9, 60528 Frankfurt am Main.  Please find more information in PayOne  PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449  Please find more information in Paypal  przelewy24 by PayPro Spólka Akcyjna, ul. Kanclerska 15, 60-327 Poznań and  DialCom24 sp. z o.o., ul. Kanclerska 15, 60-327 Poznań.  Please find more information in przelewy24  Cooperation with external credit agencies for fraud prevention, payment method selection  and credit checks is country-specific, in order to take account of country-specific  features and requirements. Under Country-specific information  you can find information on which external payment service providers and credit agencies  we work with in which countries. There you can also find special privacy policies which  we provide you with on behalf of the relevant payment service providers and credit  Work is carried out in collaboration with external collection service providers specific  to allow for peculiarities and requirements in each country. Under  find information on which external collection service providers we work with in which  you can also find special privacy policies which we provide you with on behalf of the  service providers and credit agencies.  As part of advertising campaigns we forward data to social network providers within the  scope of data protection law. You can find further information under “How does Zalando  use my data for advertising?”.  Please note that Zalando IOS apps released after 10 June 2021 no longer share any data  with third parties for marketing purposes. In case a particular IOS app still offers  features that involve data sharing with a third party for marketing purposes, your data  will only be shared if you click “agree” on an iOS tracking prompt.  10.9. Authorities and other third parties  If we are obliged by an official or court decision or it is for prosecution purposes, we  will if necessary forward your data to prosecution authorities or other third parties.  11. Which data protection rights do I have?  You have the following legal data protection rights under the relevant legal conditions: Right  to information (Article 15 GDPR), right to deletion (Article 17 GDPR), right to correction  (Article 16 GDPR), right to restriction of processing (Article 18 GDPR), right to data  portability (Article 20 GDPR), right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (Article  77 GDPR), right to withdraw consent (Article 7 (3) GDPR) as well as the right to object to  particular data processing measures (Article 21 GDPR). If you want to exercise your data  protection rights you can reach out to our Privacy Team by sending an email to  For more information see section Contact.  In order to ensure that your data is not disclosed to third parties in the course of  requests for information, please attach sufficient proof of identity to  your request by email or post.  It is generally sufficient for this if you send your request to us using the email  address saved to your account.  You can change most of your information yourself in your customer account. For other cases  The competencies of the data protection authorities depend on the seat of the data  controller. You may, however, contact any data protection authority in any member state of  the European Union, in particular at your place of residence, which will forward your  complaint to the competent authority. The lead authority competent for  Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information (Berliner Beauftragte für  Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit), Friedrichstr. 219, 10969 Berlin, Germany.  If you have given consent for the processing of your data, you may withdraw  it at any time. Withdrawal has no effect on the admissibility of the processing of your data  which took place before the withdrawal.  You may object to the processing of your data for  advertising purposes, including direct marketing  (including in the form of data analysis) at any time without giving reasons.  If we are processing your data on the basis of balancing of interests according to Article 6  (1) f GDPR (e.g. the reporting of creditworthiness to an external credit agency), you may  object to the processing. When asserting your objection, we ask you to give  the reasons why you do not wish us to continue processing your data. In the event of a  justified objection, we will check the state of affairs and either stop or adjust the  processing, or inform you of the urgent reasons worthy of protection why we are entitled to  12. When will my data be deleted?  We will store your personal data as long as is necessary for the purposes named in this Privacy  Notice, especially for the fulfilment of our contractual and legal obligations.  We may also store your personal data for other purposes if or as long as the law allows us store  it for particular purposes, including for defence against legal claims.  If you close your customer account, we will delete all the data we have stored regarding you. If  it is not possible or necessary to completely delete your data for legal reasons, the relevant  data will be blocked for further processing.  If data is blocked, restriction of access rights and other technical and organisational  measures are used to ensure that only a few employees can access the relevant data.  These employees may also only use the blocked data for the above purposes (e.g. for  submission to the tax office in the event of a tax audit).  Blocking will occur, for example, in the following cases:  Your order and payment details and perhaps other details are generally subject to various  legal retention obligations, such as those in the Handelsgesetzbuch (HGB - Commercial Code)  and the Abgabenordnung (AO - Tax Code). The law obliges us to retain this data for tax  audits and financial audits for up to ten years. Only then can we finally delete the  Even if your data is not subject to any legal retention obligation, we may refrain in the  cases allowed by the law from immediate deletion and instead carry out initial blocking.  This applies especially in cases where we may need the relevant data for further contractual  processing or prosecution or legal defence (e.g. in the event of complaints). The decisive  criterion for the duration of the blocking is then the legal limitation periods. After the  relevant limitation periods expire, the relevant data will finally be deleted.  Deletion may be waived in the cases allowed by law if the data is anonymous or pseudonymous and  deletion would rule out or seriously hinder processing for scientific research or statistical  13. How does Zalando protect my data?  We transmit your personal data securely using encryption. This applies to your order and your  customer login. We do this using the coding system SSL (Secure Socket Layer). We also use  technical and organisational measures to secure our website and other systems against loss,  destruction, access, change or dissemination by unauthorised persons.  14. Changes to this Privacy Notice  Further development of our websites and apps and the implementation of new technologies to  improve our service for you  may require changes to this privacy notice. We therefore recommend that you re-read this Privacy  You can reach out to our Privacy Team for general questions on privacy and in order to exercise  your data protection rights by sending an email to  In order to directly contact our Data Protection Officer, please send your inquiry to the  following postal address indicating that it is “to the attention of Data Protection Officer”:  Telefax: +49 (0)30 2759 46 93  Our data processing may differ from service to service. Here you can find out which  In Germany, we offer to our customers the service called Sizer in order to provide them  body size measurement so that  it is easier to find fitting clothes and sizes. If you use this service, we will process  pictures that you take of  yourself to take your measurements. Before we take measurements, we de-identify  reversals. After the measurements were taken, we delete the pictures and keep and share  measurements to provide you with the right sizes of articles and to improve our fitting  For the processing we are using the service provider Sizer Technologies Ltd., 22 Maskit  Israel is considered a country offering level of protection adequate level of protection  Legal basis for the processing:  We process your data in order to provide you the service that you requested from us.  b GDPR). We process data  on aggregated level to learn more about sizing and fitting and to improve the service.  Information regarding the use of the Messenger-function  We use a messenger function on our website. Using the messenger function, you can get in  touch with our stylists to determine your preferred style of clothing , which products  you like and to negotiate individual contract components (deselecting products or adding  products etc.) We store your messages in order to improve our service quality and to  respond better to your needs within the scope of this contractual relationship. Through  the messenger function, we can provide you with additional support for your enquiries.  The messenger function is used on the basis of article 6 para 1. sentence 1 lit.b GDPR  in order to provide the service you have requested. We store the data collected through  the use of the messenger function. The data is stored for as long as we require for the  purposes stated. You can find more information on the criteria for determining the  storage period in this data protection information under point 12. When will my data be  If you decide to use the messenger function, we will process the following data:  Height (Body size, Clothing size etc.)  Messages in the chat history  The products that are relevant for you/you are interested in  Zalando Lounge website uses the service of Google Maps provided by Google LLC, 1600  Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). This service allows  Lounge customers to find a nearest pick-up point for orders based on their location. In  order for Google Maps to enable this feature, your web browser must make a connection  server operated by Google, which may be located in the USA. Should personal data be  transmitted to the USA, Google has acceded to the EU-US Privacy Shield. In this way  receives the information that the page of our website on pick-up point information has  accessed from your device’s IP address.  If you access Google Maps service on our website while you are logged-on in your Google  profile, Google may further combine this event with your Google profile. If you do not  allocation to your Google profile, it will be necessary for you to log out before  our contact page. Google will store your data and use them for purposes of advertising,  market research and personalised display of Google Maps. You can object to this data  You will find more detailed information on this subject in Google’s Privacy Statement  and in the Additional Terms of  Legal basis for the processing:  The legal basis is Art. 6 (1) a GDPR, based on your consent.  Our data processing may differ from country to country. Here you can find out which  Service providers for credit checks  The service provider of credit checks for consumers in Germany is Infoscore  Consumer Data GmbH, Rheinstraße 99,  You can find detailed privacy policies for Infoscore Consumer Data GmbH in the sense of  information on the business purpose, the purposes of data storage, data recipients as  well as other data protection  rights against Infoscore Consumer Data GmbH here and at  Service providers for collection services  The service providers for collection services in Germany are:  Alektum GmbH, Augustenstrasse 79, 80333 Munich  infoscore Forderungsmanagement GmbH, Gütersloher Straße 123, 33415 Verl;  Pair Finance GmbH, Hardenbergstraße 32, 10623 Berlin;  Sirius Inkasso GmbH, Berliner Str. 93, 40880 Ratingen.  Service providers for credit checks  The service provider of credit checks for consumers in Austria is CRIF Bürgel  You can find detailed privacy policies for CRIF Bürgel GmbH in the sense of Article 14  on the business purpose, the purposes of data storage, data recipients as well as other  against CRIF Bürgel GmbH here:  Service providers for collection services  The service providers for collection services in Austria are:  Alektum GmbH, Schwedenplatz 2, A-1010 Vienna;  Arvato, Weyringergasse 1, A-1040 Vienna;  infoscore austria gmbh, Weyringergasse 1, A-1040, Vienna.  Service providers for credit checks  The service provider of credit checks for consumers in Switzerland is CRIF  Bürgel GmbH, Radlkoferstraße 2, 81373 Munich, Germany  You can find detailed privacy policies for CRIF Bürgel GmbH in the sense of Article 14  GDPR, especially information on the business purpose, the purposes of data storage, data  recipients as well as other data protection rights against CRIF Bürgel GmbH here: https://www.crifbuergel.de/de/datenschutz.  Service providers for collection services  The service providers for collection services in Switzerland are:  Alektum AG, Gubelstrasse 24, 6300 Zug;  infoscore AG, Ifangstrasse 8, 8952 Schlieren;  Intrum Debt Finance AG, Industriestrasse 13C, 6300 Zug;  Lowell Inkasso Service GmbH, Bahnhofstrasse 14 , 9424 Rheineck.  Service providers for credit checks  The service provider of credit checks for consumers in the Netherlands is Experian  Nederland B.V., Grote Marktstraat 49, 2511 BH The Hague, Netherlands  Service providers for collection services  The service providers for collection services in the Netherlands are:  Alektum B.V., Nachtwachtlaan 20 Level 6e, 1058 EA Amsterdam, PO Box 9916, 1006 AP  Intrum Nederland B.V., Teleportboulevard 136-142, 1043 EJ Amsterdam.  Service providers for credit checks  The service provider of credit checks for consumers in Belgium is Focum Belgium  BVBA, Nijverheidstraat 70, 2160 Wommelgem.  Service providers for collection services  The service providers for collection services in Belgium are:  Alektum B.V., Nachtwachtlaan 20 Level 6e, 1058 EA Amsterdam, PO Box 9916, 1006 AP  Intrum NV, Martelaarslaan 53, 9000 Gent;  Flanderijn Incasso N.V., Rijnkaai 37, 2000 Antwerp.  Service providers for credit checks  The service provider of credit checks for consumers in Sweden is UC AB,  Årstaängsvägen 21B, 117 88 Stockholm, Sweden  Service providers for collection services  The service providers for collection services in Sweden are:  Alektum Group AB, Nils Ericsonsgatan 17, Box 111 08, 404 23 Gothenburg;  Intrum Sverige AB, 105 24 Stockholm.  Service providers for credit checks  The service provider of credit checks for consumers in Norway is Experian AS,  Karenslyst Alle 8 B, PO Box 5275 Majorstuen, 0303 Oslo, Norway  Service providers for collection services  The service providers for collection services in Norway are:  Alektum Group, Nedre Langgate 20, Mediahuset, Postboks 2370, 3103 Tønsberg;  Lindorff AS, Hoffsveien 70 B, 0377 Oslo.  Service providers for credit checks  The service provider of credit checks for consumers in Finland is Suomen  Asiakastieto Oy, Työpajankatu 10 A, 00580 Helsinki, Finland  Service providers for collection services  The service providers for collection services in Finland are:  Alektum Group AB, Porkkalankatu 3, PL 15, 00101 Helsinki;  Lowell – Lindorff, Joukahaisenkatu 6, 20520 Turku;  Intrum OY, Hitsaajankatu 20, 00810 Helsinki.  Service providers for collection services  The service providers for collection services in France are:  The service providers for collection services in France are:  Infoscore France, 62061 ARRAS, Cedex 9;  Intrum Corporate, 97 Allée Alexandre Borodine, CS 50159, 69794 Saint-Priest cedex.  Service providers for collection services  The service providers for collection services in Denmark are:  Alektum Group AB, Ny Banegårdsgade 55, 2, 8000 Århus C;  Intrum A/S, Kirsten Walthers Vej 7, 2500 Valby.  Service providers for collection services  The service provider for collection services in Italy is GEXTRA SRL (formerly Intrum),  Via Galliera 67- 40121 Bologna (headquarters); Via Galileo Galilei 7- 20124 Milan  Service providers for the verification of solvency  The service providers for the verification of consumer solvency in Poland are  CRIF Sp. z o.o., ul. Lublańska 38, 31–476 Krakow and Krajowe Biuro Informacji  Gospodarczej S.A. , ul. Lublańska 38, 31-476 Kraków.  The collection service provider in Poland is:  Alektum Sp. z.o.o., Kilińskiego 30, 50-240 Wrocław, Poland.  You can find out which cookies we use here. For an overview of all the cookies we use please  helpHelp and ContactSee all help topicsTrack your parcelReport a damaged itemDelivery informationReturn an orderFind the right sizeHow to reset your passwordSubscribe to our newslettergift-cardGift Cardschevron-downBuy Gift CardsAbout gift cards and vouchersRedeem a Gift CardCorporate Gift Cards Subscribe to newsletterAbout uschevron-downVisit our corporate siteZalando careersNewsroomInvestor RelationstruckOur partnerschevron-downmyhermesdhlexpressdoddlecredit-cardOur payment methodschevron-downmastercardvisavisa electronpaypalmaestroamexshopping-bag-fullOur promiseschevron-downtruckFree Delivery*calendar100 days return policyreturnsFree Returnszalando-logo-outlinedPartner Upchevron-downSell on ZalandoConnect your storesMarketing ServicesLearn moreTech BlogLegal NoticeTerms & ConditionsPrivacy NoticeData preferencesZalando Apps:appstore enplaystore enYou can also find us ontwitterfacebookinstagrampinterestGo to top