DVLA privacy policy - GOV.UK  We use some essential cookies to make this website work.  We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services.  We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services.  You can change your cookie settings at any time.  This privacy notice explains how DVLA processes your personal data. In particular, it explains how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your data.  Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency  DVLA aims to comply with all applicable data protection laws when processing your personal information. These laws are in place to safeguard your personal information and include measures covering data security, your rights regarding your personal data, and the use and disclosure of your data.  Further information on the standards you can expect from us is set out in our personal information charter.  Last updated 14 July 2021  Additional information added under point 1.  Updated sections 4, 5, 11, 12 and added a new section 13.  Added a new section to the document under number 14.  Additional information added at the end of point 3.  Amendment to address for subject access requests.  More links to privacy information added.  Updated section 5 and added new section 11 (Charging Clean Air Zones).  Updated number of driver records we hold.  Update to DVLA privacy policy document.  Updated information about V5C Registration Certificate.  Section 9: 'When you buy a private (personalised) registration number' - 'What information we collect' section updated.  Apply to keep a vehicle registration number and put it on another vehicle (form V317)  Make a statutory off road notification (SORN) (form V890)  Vehicle tax rates (V149 and V149/1)  Request by a company for keeper at date of event information (form V888/2A)  Check what you need to do  Yes this page is useful  No this page is not useful  Thank you for your feedback  Report a problem with this page  Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details.  To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. We’ll send you a link to a feedback form. It will take only 2 minutes to fill in. Don’t worry we won’t send you spam or share your email address with anyone.  Coronavirus (COVID-19): guidance and support  Check what you need to do  Births, deaths, marriages and care  Citizenship and living in the UK  Crime, justice and the law  Passports, travel and living abroad  Transparency and freedom of information releases  All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated 