Privacy & Cookies | Legal | iD Mobile Network  Apple iPhone 12 Pro Max  Samsung Galaxy A52 5G NEW  Using the iD App / Account  Privacy & Cookies | Legal  To opt-out of receiving marketing messages from iD Mobile, edit your preferences in the  iD App, or log into My Account. For more information, jump to this section of  This Privacy Policy helps you understand what Personal data we collect, why we  collect it, what we do  and the choices you have, including how to access and update information.  Our policy applies to you if you use our products or services in store, over the  mobile applications or if you use any of our websites or interact with us on social media (our  iD Mobile Limited (referred to using "We", "Us", "Our" or the "Company") is a company  and Wales (Company registration number: 09304672) and is part of the Dixons Carphone group of companies.  Dixons Carphone is Europe's leading specialist electrical and telecommunications retailer and services  company, employing over 42,000 people in nine countries. We pride ourselves on giving our customers simple  and independent advice on which electronic and technology products are right for them.  Our primary brands are [Currys PC World, Dixons Travel and Team Knowhow].  When you shop with us or use our services, you trust us with your data. We're a  customer, first, respecting you as an individual but also as a member of our community. We listen to our  customers to understand your expectations and make sure these are reflected in our business decisions.  committed to maintaining your trust and confidence. In this Privacy Policy, we've provided details on  and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the very limited conditions under which we  disclose it to others (where direct marketing is concerned only with your explicit permission) and how  We collect personal information about you when you visit one of our stores, use our  use our web or mobile device applications ("Mobile Apps") or if you communicate with us by phone, e-mail and  social media. We refer to our Websites and Apps collectively as "Online Services".  The types of personal information we collect includes:  Personal details such as your name, address, date of birth, email address, phone number and other  contact information Transaction information, such as the product you purchased, its price, your method  of payment and your payment details.  Information about you like your employment details, financial position and information taken from  identification documents like your passport or driving licence when we review your application for  insurance or loans offered by selected third parties partners.  Your account information, such as dates of payments owed and received, the subscription services you use  or any other information related to your account.  The phone numbers that you call/send messages to or the phone numbers that you receive calls/messages  The date and time of the calls and messages you send or receive through our network, and your location  at the time these communications take place.  When you're online the information we collect includes:  Account information, like your username, password, and other identifiers or credentials you use to  access our online services or to buy our products and services, details of your shopping preferences,  such as your favourite brands and products, as well as which of our stores you prefer to shop in.  Details of your visits to the Website, in-store WIFI or App and the resources that you access. Examples  include ads that you click, device information and your location.  IP address and cookie data.  Information that you provide in your dealings with us. This includes when you register to use our online  services, or when you subscribe to our services or request further services and/or information from us.  The situations when you provide personal information could include when you:  Purchase products at our stores or through our contact centre  Register or use our Online Services  Request to receive marketing or other communications  Use our Wi-Fi networks or other in-store tech  Enter one of our competitions or when you complete one of our customer surveys  Submit information when you're providing feedback  Use interactive features of our Online Services  How we use your Information  The law on data protection sets out a number of different reasons for which a  your personal data. These are set out below.  When we're required to enter into a contract with you  We use your personal information to process your orders and payments or to give you a refund.  When we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation  We need to use and process some of your information to comply with legal and  where we will collect & review your personal utilisation in order to make recommendations when we are  Where you have provided consent  We use email and text messages to communicate with you about our products and  promotions or special events where you tick a box.  To provide a free mobile phone upgrade reminder service to inform you when a product is back in  To send you a renewal notice  If you give us permission, to communicate with you about our third party partners that we believe  Where there is a Legitimate Interest  As a Company we are often required to process your personal data in order to carry  out certain tasks relating to our business activities. In such cases, processing of personal data can be  justified on grounds of legitimate interest.  To provide customer support and to respond to, and communicate with you about your requests  To contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information  To check our records are right and to check every now and then that you're happy and satisfied (e.g.  For marketing activities (other than where we rely on your consent) e.g. marketing permissions  during the course of a sale, personalising marketing messages through social media and other third  To send promotional material (e.g. renewals) to you in the post or inform you of our offers by  To comply with a request from a regulatory authority in connection with sending you an annual  notification about your contract status, services and tariff options.  To comply with a request from you in connection with the exercise of your rights (for example where  have asked us not to contact you for marketing purposes, we will keep a record of this on our  suppression lists in order to be able to comply with your request)  To send communications to you about your orders, purchases or accounts and bill you for using our  To let you post on our blogs and interact with us through social media.  Personalise & Improve our Service  To personalise your experience on our online services. This could include providing you with  interesting, relevant content, or making navigation to our Sites and Mobile Apps easier  To help us understand more about you as a customer, the products and services you use, the way you  them and how you shop across the company, so we can serve you better  Improve the content and appearance of the Website(s) or App(s), and to make sure that content is  presented in the most effective manner for you  To operate, evaluate and improve our business, including the development of new products and  to determine the effectiveness of our sales, marketing and advertising; and the analysis and  of our products, offers, promotions, and Online Services and other technologies  To show you relevant ads by using data collected from your devices, including your searches,  ads that you have seen and personal information that you have given us, such as your age range,  and topics of interest. Dependant on your Ads Settings, this data informs the ads that you see  your devices. So if you visit our website on your computer at work, you might see ads about our  or services on your phone later that night.  Where you fail to repay what you owe Us or return our property, we may need to trace your  (sometimes using a tracing Agent) in order to recover payment or reclaim property. This might be  out by a third Party debt recovery agent on our behalf  To protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other  For network and information security in order for us to take steps to protect your information  loss or damage, theft or unauthorised access.  When we're required to comply with our Legal Obligation  We'll use your personal information to comply with our legal obligations including:  To identify you when you contact us  To verify the accuracy of data that we hold about you  To assist HMRC and/or the Police and/or other regulatory bodies in relation to an investigation by a  Where it is in your Vital Interest  In certain circumstances it is in your vital interests for us to process your  need to contact you if there are any urgent safety or product recall notices or where we otherwise  reasonably believe that the processing of your personal information will prevent or reduce any potential  Who we share your personal information with  We share personal information within the Dixons Carphone PLC Group. Members of the  receive this information are not authorised to use or disclose the information except as provided in this  Our service providersWe work with partners, suppliers, insurers and  process your personal information on our behalf and only where they meet our standards on the processing of  data and security. We only share information that helps them provide their services to us or to help them  provide their services to you. For example, some of our service providers place advertising for us online,  about our products and services and those of our retail partners, suppliers and third parties. As a result,  where you have indicated you are happy to receive marketing from us, you might see online advertising that  we have placed on the web sites you visit, or the interactive services you use.  Other organisations and individualsWe may transfer your personal  organisations in certain scenarios. For example:  When you apply for credit or purchase an insurance product we'll pass on your information to trusted  third party partners responsible for these products. Please note we act as a credit broker and not as a  lender in respect of our insurance products credit facility within our UK and Republic of Ireland stores  If required to by law, under any code of practice by which we are bound or we're asked to do so by a  public or regulatory authority such as the Police or the Department for Work and Pensions  Information may also be shared with fraud prevention agencies to prevent fraudulent claims  If we need to do so in order to exercise or protect our legal rights, users, systems and services  In response to requests from individuals (or their representatives) seeking to protect their legal  rights or the rights of others.  With emergency services (if you make an emergency call), including your approximate location  Companies that enable us to collect your reviews and comments, both online and offline.  We may use trusted third parties to carry out certain activities on our behalf and may share your  personal data with them for the purposes of: processing and sorting data, monitoring how customers use  our site, issuing our emails for us and collecting product/customer feedback from you via surveys. The  third parties include Reevo, Maru/EDR (previously eDigital), ABA Research, this is by no means an  exhaustive list but it gives an indication of the many third parties we work with.  Companies which run our contact centres because they need your personal information to identify and  Third party vendors who help us to manage and maintain the Group IT infrastructure.  Companies that provide insights and analytics services for us so we can stock the right products, send  the right marketing campaigns and understand our business and customers better.  Credit Reference AgenciesIn order to process your application we'll  information to credit reference agencies (CRAs) and they will give us information about you.  This will include information from your credit application and about your financial  history. CRAs will supply to us both public (including the electoral register) and shared credit, financial  situation and financial history information and fraud prevention information. We will use this information  Assess your creditworthiness and whether you can afford to take the product  Verify the accuracy of the data you have provided to us  Prevent criminal activity, fraud and money laundering  To make sure any offers provided to you are appropriate to your circumstances.  We'll also continue to exchange information about you with CRAs on an on-going basis,  settled accounts and any debts not fully repaid on time. CRAs will share your information with other  organisations. Your data will also be linked to the data of your spouse, any joint applicants or other  The identities of the CRAs, and the ways in which they use and share personal  International transfers of your personal information  From time to time we may transfer your personal information to our suppliers,  company offices based outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) for the purposes described in this  policy. If we do this your personal information will continue to be subject to one or more appropriate  safeguards set out in the law.  If we do transfer information to our agents or advisers outside of the EEA, we will  make sure that it is  protected in the same way as if it was being used in the EEA. We'll use one of these safeguards:  We'll transfer it to a non-EEA country with privacy laws that give the same protection as the EEA.  We'll put in place a contract with the recipient that means they must protect it to the same  as the EEA. Read more about this here  How we use your information to make automated decisions  We sometimes use systems to make automated decisions based on your personal information  are allowed to collect from others about you or your business (for example where we perform credit checks).  This helps us to make sure our decisions are quick, fair, efficient and correct, based on what we know.  These automated decisions can affect the products, services or features we may offer you now or in the  future, or the price that we charge you for them.  Your rightsYou have rights over automated decisions.  Under certain circumstances, you can ask that we do not make our decision based on the automated score  You can object to an automated decision, and ask that a person reviews it.  If you want to know more about these rights, please contact us.  How long we keep your personal information  We will keep your personal information for as long as you're a customer. If you  engaged with us for 3 years or more, then we'll remove you from our marketing mailing lists. After you  being a customer, we may keep your data for up to 7 years after the last time you interacted with us.  could include one of the ways specified in 'How we use your personal information' and for one of these  To respond to any questions or complaints  To show that we treated you fairly  To maintain records according to rules that applies to us  To establish, bring or defend legal claims.  We may keep your data for longer than 7 years if we cannot delete it for legal,  reasons. We may also keep it in order to help support product recalls or safety notices. If we do, we  make sure that your privacy is protected and only use it for those purposes.  We do not retain personal information in an identifiable format for longer than is  Access to Information held about youYou have the right to request  information we hold about you. This is sometimes called a 'Data Subject Access Request'. If we agree that we  are obliged to provide personal information to you (or someone else on your behalf), we'll provide it to you  free of charge. Before providing personal information to you or another person on your behalf, we may ask  for proof of identity and sufficient information about your interactions with us that we can locate your  personal information. Except in rare cases, we'll respond to you within 30 days after we've received this  information or, where no such information is required, after we've received your request.  If any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate or out of date, you  may ask us to correct  In certain circumstances you have the right to request a copy of your personal  information from us or to have  that information passed to an organisation of your choice in a format that can be easily re-used.  Right to stop or limit our processing of your dataYou have the  right to object to us  processing your personal information if we're not entitled to use it any more, to have your information  deleted if we are keeping it too long or have its processing restricted in certain circumstances.  Where we rely on our legitimate interests, as set out under 'How we use your personal  object to us using it for these purposes. If we agree that your objection is justified in accordance with  your rights under data protection laws, we'll permanently stop using your data for those purposes. Otherwise  we'll provide you with our justification as to why we need to continue using your data.  You can ask us to restrict the use of your personal information if:  It has been used unlawfully but you don't want us to delete it.  It's not relevant any more, but you want us to keep it for use in legal claims.  You've already asked us to stop using your data but you're waiting for us to tell you if we're allowed  to keep on using it.  Please note that we may be required by law to retain certain information. Before we are  with any information or correct any inaccuracies, we may ask you provide other details to help us respond to  If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us.  Please make sure you provide the following identification documents as part of your  Please make sure you provide one proof of identity (we suggest either a utility bill in your name or  your driver's licence, but other similar formal documents may be accepted, please note the documents  cannot be older than 6 months) as part of your request.  How can you stop the use of your personal data for direct  We won't send you marketing messages if you tell us not to.  You can click onto the "unsubscribe" link in any communication that we send to you by email which  automatically unsubscribe you from that type of communication. Each "unsubscribe" link only relates  that specific type of communication. Please also note that you may continue to receive Service  communications in relation to the product and services we have sold to you,such as notifications  your bill is ready to view  Log into the iD App  Account' from the top left menu. Select 'Keep me in the loop' and then 'Edit preferences'.  Log into 'My Account' here. Select 'My  Account' from the left-hand menu, then select 'Keep me in the loop' and 'Edit preferences'  Alternatively, you can unsubscribe by contacting us here.  Please note that we recommend controlling your marketing preferences in the iD App  or My Account so we  process your instruction quickly. It may take up to 28 days to process your request via other methods.  You can also find further information within our Direct Marketing Charter.  The purpose of our Cookies Policy is to help explain what they are, why you are  Please refer to our Cookies Policy.  All companies within the Dixons Carphone Group use technical and organisational  the personal information supplied by you against loss, destruction, and any unauthorised access by third  Our websites (which includes this Privacy Policy) contain links to other websites run by  which we do not control. This policy does not apply to those other websites and Apps, so we encourage you to  We use so-called social plugins (buttons) of social networks such as Facebook,  After activation of a button, the social network can retrieve data, independently of  with the button or not. If you are logged on to a social network, the network can assign your visit to  website to your user account. A social network cannot assign a visit to websites operated by our other  companies unless you activate the respective button there as well.  If you're a member of a social network and don't want that network to combine data  to our websites with data they hold on you, you must log out from the social network concerned before  To opt-out of receiving marketing messages from iD Mobile, edit your preferences in the  iD App, or log into My Account. For more information, view this link.  If you have a question or a complaint about this policy, the way your personal  contact us by one of the following means:  By Web Form: Complete this Web Form (Please do not submit any  via this form, any opt-out request submitted via this form will not be actioned. View this link for  information on how to opt-out of receiving marketing messages).  By post:iDMobile SARPO Box 689SALFORDM5 OPD  Complaining to the Data Protection Regulator  You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) if you  way we have processed your personal information. Please visit the ICO's website for further details at:  https://ico.org.uk/ Alternatively our Data Protection Officer can be  We may review this policy from time to time and any changes will be notified to you by  version on our website and/or by contacting you by email.  Like most websites, idmobile.co.uk uses cookies to collect information. Cookies are  are placed on your computer or other devices (such as smart ‘phones or ‘tablets’) as you browse this  website. They are used to ‘remember’ when your computer or device accesses our websites. Cookies are  essential for the effective operation of our websites and to help you shop with us online. They are also  used to tailor the products and services offered and advertised to you, both on our websites and  Some cookies collect information about browsing and purchasing behaviour when you access  the same computer or device. This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and your  journey around a website. We don’t use cookies to collect or record information on your name, address or  other contact details. Dixons Carphone PLC can use cookies to monitor your browsing and purchasing  behaviour. We don’t use cookies to collect or record information on your name, address or other contact  The cookies stored on your computer or other devices when you access our websites  iD Mobile Limited(*), Dixons Carphone PLC, or on behalf of and subsidiaries of Dixons Carphone PLC,  are necessary to let you make purchases on our website;  Third parties who participate with us in marketing programmes; and  Third parties who broadcast web banner advertisements on behalf of Dixons Carphone PLC.  What are cookies used for?  The main purposes for which cookies are used are:  Remember information about you, so you do not have to give it to us again  Keep you signed in, even on different devices  Help us understand how people are using our services, so we can make them better  Help us personalise our websites and Apps for you by remembering your preferences and settings  To find out if our emails have been read and if you find them useful  What kind of cookies do we use?  Strictly necessary cookies: These are cookies that are required for the operation of  for example, cookies that enable users to log into secure areas of a website, use a shopping cart or  use of e-billing services. Generally, these are session cookies that expire on closing the browser but  Performance cookies: These types of cookies allow online providers to recognise and  visitors and to see how visitors move around their website when they are using it. This assists online  providers in improving the way their website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what  they are looking for easily. Generally, these will be first party cookies, and a mix of session and  persistent cookies. Sometimes the services are provided by third parties and specialised software –  can use either first or third-party cookies.  Functionality cookies: These are used to recognise users when they return to a  personalisation of content, the recognition of users and remember user preferences (for example, their  choice of language or region). They are generally a mix of first and third party, session and persistent  Targeting cookies: These cookies record a user's visit to a website, the individual  links followed. If the cookie is set by a third party (for example, an adtech provider) which also  traffic on other websites, this type of cookie may also be used to track a user's movements across  websites and to create profiles of their general online behaviour. Information collected by tracking  is commonly used to serve users with targeted online advertising. These will almost always be third  How do I manage my cookie preferences?  You can manage your cookie preferences by accessing the Cookie Preference Centre using  How do I disable cookies?  If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to  can do this will depend on the browser you use. Further details on how to disable cookies for the most  popular browsers are set out below:  Click on the More actions button in the top right corner and select Settings.  Press the dropdown arrow under the Cookies field.  Click on the More actions button in the top right corner and select Settings.  At the bottom click ‘Advanced’  Click on ‘Site Settings’ under ‘Privacy & security’  Click on ‘Cookies and site data’  Click on ‘Allow sites to save and read cookie data’ to block all cookies  Prevent trackers from using cookies and website data to track you: Select “Prevent cross-site  Always block cookies: Select “Block all cookies”  Remove stored cookies and data: Click Manage Website Data, select one or more websites, then click  Click the Menu and click Library  Click History and then click Clear Recent History  Set Time range to clear: to Everything  Select Cookies and make sure that other items you want to keep are not selected  Click ‘Clear Now’ to clear all cookies  What happens if I disable cookies?  This depends on which cookies you disable, but in general the website may not operate  switched off. If you only disable third party cookies, you will not be prevented from making purchases on  our site. If you disable all cookies, you won’t be able to complete a purchase on our site.  For further information and advice on consumer information around the use of  (*) iD Mobile Limited is part of Dixons Carphone PLC.  iD Mobile Limited registered in England no. 09304672 & registered office address is  Dixons Carphone PLC registered Company no. 07105905 & registered office address is 1  Need to ask a question?  Registered address: 1 Portal Way, London, W3 6RS  By using this site, you agree we can set and use cookies. For more details of these cookies and how to  disable them, see our cookie policy.  Copyright © 2021 iD Mobile Limited. 