Compare the Market Cookie policy | Compare the Market  What insurance group is my car  Go to your account to claim your reward  Pet insurance for pre existing conditions  Do I have the right amount of contents insurance?  Unoccupied home when on holiday  Go to your account to claim your rewards  A guide to critical illness cover  How much is inheritance tax  Difference between life insurance & assurance  Go to your account to claim your rewards  Self employed public liability insurance  A guide to business insurance  What is public liability insurance and do I need it?  A guide to small business insurance  Go to your account to claim your rewards  Pre-existing medical conditions travel insurance  Travel insurance for over 70s  Go to your account to claim your rewards  Broadband, TV & home phone  A guide to fibre optic broadband  How to claim vouchers on broadband packages  A guide to switching broadband provider  A guide to broadband for streaming  Go to your account to claim your reward  A guide to switching energy  Smart ways to save energy  Who is my electricity supplier  Setting up gas and electricity for the first time  Go to your account to claim your rewards  Credit cards for bad credit  Current account with bad credit  Go to your account to claim your rewards  How do I claim my 2 for 1?  What Products Qualify For Meerkat Movies & Meals Membership?  I can't complete my quote/application.  Everything you need to know about ‘Your documents’  We like to reward our customers when taking out a qualifying product through us. Find out more  The easiest way to enjoy Meerkat Meals and Meerkat Movies  What's on at the movies?  Get a sneaky peek of the latest & upcoming movies in cinemas now  Go to your account to claim your reward  We want your experience on comparethemarket.com to be quick, simple and easy. To ensure that you can make full use of comparethemarket.com's comparison service, your computer, tablet or mobile device will need to enable cookies. If cookies aren't enabled on your device, it may limit your experience on our website and will mean that you will not be able to save and retrieve your quotes. In some instances, it may mean that you cannot access some of our services at all.  Data protection is of upmost importance to us at comparethemarket.com. Some of the cookies deployed are required to make our website work. Other cookies simply aim to  make it easier for you to use our website, whilst allowing us to ensure that we can personalise your experience on our site, ensure content and advertising you see is relevant to you, ensure the website is secure as well as analyse how well our website is performing.  A cookie is deployed on your browser and is used by the website you are viewing to identify you as a user, that then enables information to be stored on the hard drive of your device. Cookies allow a device to be identified as corresponding to one that has accessed another website or visited a website previously. This allows us to recognise you as a unique customer and provides us with information about how you use our website. Cookies are commonly used on the Internet and do not harm your device system.  We use five categories of cookie on our websites, four of these are based upon the International Chamber of Commerce UK Cookie Guide. We also use cookies to help administer our Rewards.  Some of these are 'Session Cookies', these only exist for the duration of your visit to our website and are deleted when you leave the website. Others are 'Persistent Cookies', these stay on your device until they expire or are deleted. Majority of cookies are managed and controlled by comparethemarket.com, these are first party cookies, however, cookies may also be placed by our approved business partners, these are known as 'third party cookies'. Third party cookies are typically placed when the website involves elements from other sites, such as images, social media activity or advertising.  Strictly Necessary Cookies are required for the operation of our website.  These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these, we cannot guarantee that you will be able to use our websites.  Our use of Strictly Necessary Cookies include:  providing quotes and account information  authenticating and verifying web requests  ensuring the information entered on our website is secure and not subject to access from third parties  These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance, which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages.  These cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works. Some Performance Cookies are managed for us by third parties, further information on these third parties is provided within this policy.  Our use of Performance Cookies includes:  collating anonymous aggregated information that is used to manage and plan enhancements to our services  how you use our website and to assist us in tailoring the website to customer needs  These cookies are used to provide services (such as videos) or allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) to provide enhanced, more personal features.  Our use of Functionality Cookies includes:  remembering preferences you have chosen to customise your experience  We do not use Functionality Cookies to target you with adverts on other websites.  Marketing Cookies record your visit to our website, including the web pages you have visited, the links you have followed, when you visited the website and your IP address and device ID. We use carefully selected and approved advertising and marketing providers (as set out in the table below) to help us to serve our advertising to users. These providers will set targeting cookies on our websites and will use them to make sure that our advertising that they serve to you is relevant to your interests and needs. These cookies collect information about your web browsing activity and allow our providers to track you when you visit different websites, so that they can serve our advertisements to you on those websites. For example, if you visit our homepage but didn't obtain a quote, the cookie will collect this information and serve you an advertisement on a different website to encourage you to come back and get a quote. Our providers control these cookies and are responsible for how the cookies, and any information collected by the cookies, are used. None of the information collected by the cookies is shared with us.  Although these cookies do not collect information that you enter into forms on our website (such as your name and email address), we sometimes share your email address, IP address and information about whether or not you have purchased a policy or claimed a reward with our providers. Information is shared in an encrypted form and our providers can combine this information with the data that their cookies collect to serve our advertisements to audiences that we select.  We and our providers also use targeting cookies to:  improve our website, for example by enabling us to understand how our customers interact with our website;  evaluate the effectiveness of our advertising and promotions on third party websites, for example by tracking whether these advertisements are clicked on by customers and how many times;  inform the content of marketing emails that we send to you and trigger those emails, where we have your consent to send you these emails. For example, if you have looked at pet insurance quotes but not taken out a policy, these cookies may trigger an email to you to remind you of your quotes and encourage you to come back and take out a policy; and  trigger service support communications to you.  These cookies enable us to administer our Rewards more efficiently. Our use of Rewards Cookies assists with speeding the approval of your purchase of a Qualifying Product. More information on our Rewards T&Cs can be found here.  Web beacons and pixel tags  These are similar to cookies and allow us to collect information about how you use our website and help us to offer you the best service. We may use web beacons and pixel tags alongside cookies both on our website and in any emails we send to you.  Again, web beacons and tags are commonly used across many websites and do not harm your device system. Further information can be found at https://www.allaboutcookies.org/faqs/beacons.html  How to stop or modify cookies  You can modify your cookie preferences at any time using the link below:  You can also stop cookies from being deployed on your device by configuring your browser not to accept them or opt-out. For more information on how to do these on popular browsers please use the links below:  If cookies are already on your system, you can delete them. For more information on cookies and deletion of cookies please visit: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/  Please be aware that restricting or deleting certain cookies can result in difficulties when navigating around websites.  The cookie preferences you select will apply to your use of the comparethemarket.com website including where possible web pages relating to comparethemarket.com comparison services that are provided by our carefully selected partners.  Your cookie preferences will be shared with these partners for this purpose. You can find details of our partners in our privacy policy.    Where it is not possible for the same cookie preferences to be applied to the web pages operated by our partners, our partners will provide you with separate cookie preference options.    For more information on how cookies are used please see more information in their cookie policies below.  Assured Futures - Over 50's life, health and income protection insurance  Comparison Creator – Breakdown insurance  Bionic – Business energy, Business Broadband and Landline  Stickee – Broadband, phone, TV & mobile​  Simply Business – Business insurance  iWonder - Caravan, Motorhome and Taxi Insurance  Our websites use Google Analytics, which is a web analytics service provided by Google.  For more information please see: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/  Online advertising supplier, these are used to serve our internet advertisements on other sites. Some of our webpages may contain electronic images that help us see how customers interact on these pages. They may also provide Search Ads with information about the interaction.  For more information please see: https://support.google.com/dfp_premium/answer/2839090?hl=en&ref_topic=7395141  Adobe Analytics and Adobe Target  Our websites use Adobe Analytics, which is a web analytics service provided by Adobe. Our website also uses Adobe Target, which enables us to provide our customers with more relevant and personalised experiences.  For more information please see: https://www.adobe.com/uk/privacy/cookies.html  This website also uses SessionCam to help us to carry out research into the usage of our website.   SessionCam may record your interaction on this website, including recording mouse clicks, mouse movements, page scrolling and text entered into web forms. This data is used by us in order for us to constantly improve this website.  Last updated: 22nd July 2021  Amazon gift card terms & conditions  2021 comparethemarket.com. All rights reserved. comparethemarket.‌com is a trading name of Compare The Market Limited. Registered in England No. 10636682. Registered Office: Pegasus House, Bakewell Road, Orton Southgate, Peterborough, PE2 6YS. Compare The Market Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority for insurance distribution (Firm Reference Number: 778488) and is registered with the Financial Conduct Authority under the Payment Services Regulations 2017 (FRN: 911617) for the provision of payment services. Energy and Digital products are not regulated by the FCA.  *To obtain a reward, a qualifying product must be taken out. 1 membership per year. Rewards T&Cs apply.  Meerkat Meals: App only. Participating outlets. Restrictions, limitations & T&Cs apply.  Pizza Delivery: 50% off Pizzas, 7 days a week. £30 min spend. Excl. N.I.  Dine out – 2 for 1: Selected food, cheapest free. A la carte only. Sun-Thurs. Max 6 people. Kids meals and drinks excl.  Dine out – 25% off total bill: Days available vary by outlet. Min & Max group sizes apply.  Delivery & Collection: Specific offer, delivery fees & radius vary by outlet. Card only.  Meerkat Movies: Participating cinemas. Tues or Weds. 2 standard tickets only, cheapest free.  Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries and regions. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google LLC.  ^For the period 1st September to 30th November 2020, 12,477 people responded to the recommend question. 11,706 responded with a score of 6 or above, therefore 93.8% are likely to recommend.