Search all results for ""  Join the largest pixel art community  Privacy Policy This privacy policy is effective as of May 25th 2018 Pixilart respects each individual's right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our website only in the way disclosed in this statement. This statement applies solely to information collected at http://www.pixilart.com ("Site") and may not apply to information we collect about you offline (such as over the phone) or in different situations (such as through email correspondence). Please take a few moments to read this privacy policy. By accessing the Pixilart Network, you acknowledge that this privacy policy applies to only the services of the Pixilart Network. Parental Information Pixilart is a child safe website. There are swearing filters enabled and options to block users. There are no private conversations - every conversation is public. All drawings are reviewed and removed if they are not all-age appropriate. Pixilart is a place for art, learning and socializing. Learn more about parental information  Age Limit Pixilart is for all ages. Information we collect and use is as worded inside this privacy policy statement. We recommend parental consent for children under 13 years of age. Information on this website is monitored and removed if it is not socially acceptable for all ages. Children’s Information We do not intend children under 13 years of age to use our website without a parent’s consent. We will collect information and accept registration of all ages, but some content might not be suitable for all ages. Reported content is reviewed and removed upon further inspection if it does not meet our all-ages criteria. Information We Collect The information we collect is to help provide excellent services that will improve your experience on Pixilart. Information we collect is to identify you, such as your name, e-mail address, and username. Our systems only gather "Basic Personal Information" (BPI) such as "e-mail, username, first name, and last name" (first & last name are not required). Your e-mail is used to access your account, notification e-mails and promotional e-mails. If you use Pixilart and create an account via third party applications such as 'Facebook' or 'Twitter' - we collect just the basics of information which much be approved before the account creation is completed. We cannot alter or see the information on those third party applications. Pixilart will not post any content to Facebook or Twitter without your permission. We collect and use your BPI when you register for special services (e.g. news, notifications). We use your BPI to help customize advertising and content available on the Pixilart Network, to send you information about notifications, alerts, news, products, and services. Non-Personal Identifiable Information (e.g. IP address, hardware information) Our servers will automatically record such information to help understand how a person operates and performs on the website to help improve and track components that are listed below. This information is logged and referenced by our administration team. Account Creation (Sign up) & Deactivate your account Creating an account is completely free. We collect BPI, which is used to access your account, allow other registered users to search you, send notification e-mails and promotional e-mails. You can deactivate your account if you decide to longer use Pixilart. Deactivating your account prevents anyone from viewing your account until it is re-activated. You can re-activate your account by logging back in. If you wish to prevent Google and other search engines from viewing your account or drawings - you can 'Deactivate' your account in your settings. You can also set your drawings to private or delete your drawings to prevent search engine indexing. Cookie Data Like many Internet sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. Pixilart uses cookies to collect information to track usage. Cookie tracking is used to monitor views on all photo types. Cookie sessions are used to store account data locally or on the server side for your conveniences. Other cookies may be used by advertising and third party tools/resources. Analytics We collect information about your session including browser, location (city, state, country), user ID (if signed in) to understand the interaction between the website and user. This service is proved by Google Analytics and more information about their privacy policy can be found here: Google Privacy & Terms. Security We cannot guarantee the information we collect is completely secure. The Internet and its ability to transmit data isn't flawless, and there is no current method of guaranteeing complete security. However, we will do our best to protect and secure your information. Artwork Privacy Pixilart has an option to set images to 'private', 'unlisted', and 'public'. Private images are images that only the account creator and admins can see. Setting a drawing to private will prevent Google and other search engines from indexing that drawing. Unlisted images are protected images that are only viewable by URL. Public images are images that show in profile and public galleries. When We Might Disclose Information As part of our regular business conduct, we may share information with companies or individuals providing services or acting on our behalf, such as companies providing technological or fulfillment services. In the event that there is a change of corporate ownership, the new owners will of course be provided with our files, including information you have submitted. We will also share information with government officials, including law enforcement officials or court authorities, in order to cooperate with a legitimate investigation. Unless we tell you first (such as at the time we collect information from you), or unless it is part of a specific program or feature in which you have elected to participate, we do not share personally identifiable information that we have collected (such as name or email address) with other third-party companies for their own commercial or marketing purposes. California Privacy Rights The State of California has established its own unique regulations that apply to California residents. If you reside in California, you have the right to obtain from us, once per year and free of charge, information regarding what information we disclose to third party marketers, and the names and addresses of each third party to whom we disclose your data. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please use the contact information listed below. If you are a California resident and under the age of 18, you have the right to request that we remove any data that you publicly post on our website. To request removal of your data, please use the contact information listed below. Note that while we will remove your data that is publicly posted on our website, we may not be able to completely remove that data from our systems. Common ID Cookie This site uses cookies and similar tracking technologies such as the Common ID cookie to provide its services. Cookies are important devices for measuring advertising effectiveness and ensuring a robust online advertising industry. The Common ID cookie stores a unique user id in the first party domain and is accessible to our ad partners. This simple ID that can be utilized to improve user matching, especially for delivering ads to iOS and MacOS browsers. Users can opt out of the Common ID tracking cookie by clicking here. Advertising Privacy Settings FOR EU USERS ONLY: When you use our site, pre-selected companies may access and use certain information on your device and about your interests to serve ads or personalized content. You may revisit or change consent-choices at any time by clicking here. Questions If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our policies, please contact us at: E-mail: support@pixilart.com FOR CREATIVE MINDS Join thousands of creative minds just like yourself. Pixilart is a community of artists who enjoy retro style art, modern art, games and so much more.  × Report Reason Spam or misleading Inappropriate content Violent or repulsive content Hateful or abusive content Cyberbullying or harassment Copyright Infringement  Please block any users that you may find discouraging with your experiencing while using Pixilart. If you have any questions, please contact support@pixilart.com.  Blocking a user prevents that user from seeing your profile, art, photos and posts.  Create an account Become part of the largest pixel art community  We'll never share your e-mail with anyone else. Date  I agree to Pixilart's terms of use  Already a member? Sign in  Pixilart is a social platform for all ages. Create beautiful art and share with the Pixilart community. pixilart-icon  About About Us Branding Events Advertise Contact Us Help & Faqs Teachers & Parents Drawing Start Drawing Features Draw Online Mobile App Explore Gallery Digital Art Contests Groups Forums Tutorials Shop Pixilart Shop Order Status Marketplace Shipping & Returns  © 2021 Pixilart, LLC - Coded with love in Fargo, ND Privacy Policy Terms of Use About  We use cookies to ensure that you have the best experience possible on our website. Our privacy policy  www.pixilart.com asks for your consent to use your personal data to:Personalised ads and content, ad and content measurement, audience insights and product developmentStore and/or access information on a deviceLearn MoreHow can I change my choice?What if I don't consent?How does legitimate interest work?Do I have to consent to everything?Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with third party vendors, or used specifically by this site or app.Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. You can withdraw your consent at any time by visiting our privacy policy page.Show DetailsContinue to SiteLearn more about how information is being used?We and select companies may access and use your information for the below features and purposes. You may customize your choices below or continue using our site if you're OK with the features and purposes.How does legitimate interest work?Some vendors are not asking for your consent, but are using your personal data on the basis of their legitimate interest.Vendors PreferencesPurposesStore and/or access information on a deviceCookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you.View DetailsConsentPersonalised ads, ad measurement, and audience insightsSelect basic adsAds can be shown to you based on the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, or your device type.View DetailsConsentLegitimate InterestCreate a personalised ads profileA profile can be built about you and your interests to show you personalised ads that are relevant to you.View DetailsConsentLegitimate InterestSelect personalised adsPersonalised ads can be shown to you based on a profile about you.View DetailsConsentMeasure ad performanceThe performance and effectiveness of ads that you see or interact with can be measured.View DetailsConsentLegitimate InterestApply market research to generate audience insightsMarket research can be used to learn more about the audiences who visit sites/apps and view ads.View DetailsConsentLegitimate InterestPersonalised contentCreate a personalised content profileA profile can be built about you and your interests to show you personalised content that is relevant to you.View DetailsConsentLegitimate InterestSelect personalised contentPersonalised content can be shown to you based on a profile about you.View DetailsConsentLegitimate InterestContent measurement, and product developmentMeasure content performanceThe performance and effectiveness of content that you see or interact with can be measured.View DetailsConsentLegitimate InterestDevelop and improve productsYour data can be used to improve existing systems and software, and to develop new productsView DetailsConsentLegitimate InterestSpecial FeaturesPrecise geolocation data, and identification through device scanningUse precise geolocation dataAllowActively scan device characteristics for identificationAllowNON-IAB Vendors: Google's Ad Tech Providers (ATP) listThis feature enables publishers, Consent Management Providers (CMPs), and partners to gather and propagate additional consent—alongside their TCF v2.0 implementation—for companies that are not yet registered with the IAB Europe Global Vendor List. See the complete list here.Who is using this information?We and pre-selected companies will use your information. You can see each company in the links above or see the complete list here.What information is being used?Different companies use different information, see the complete list here.Continue to Site