Effective Date: April 30, 2019This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the change on the Sites and/or email you with additional choices regarding such change. All changes to the Privacy Policy will be effective when posted. If you are a non-European Union (“EU”) Citizen using the Sites, you signify your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Sites.The Privacy Policy below applies to the following: www.wildtangent.com, www.wildgames.com, and all their respective subdomains, and any other website operated by gamigo Inc. the WildTangent games app (“Games App”) and the games and other content products operated by WildTangent that are available on the Sites and Games App. We may refer to the Sites, the Games App, and such games and other content products collectively as our “WildTangent Network”. “WildTangent”, “we” or “us” refers to gamigo Inc.Your use of Sites operated by gamigo Inc. on behalf of our OEM partners, or your use of a Games App on an OEM device, may be subject the privacy policies of the applicable OEM. Please contact your OEM partner for any relevant privacy policies. From time to time, we may add new subsites or domains to the Sites that may not initially be listed above, but such subsites or domains will provide a link to and will be governed by this Privacy Policy.OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACYYour privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage, the Games App, and, in general, at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. Please understand that by accessing or using the WildTangent Network you are agreeing with the privacy policy terms. As a result, we encourage you to read this entire Privacy Policy. If at any time you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us here.California Residents: Under California law, our customers that are California residents may request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. As detailed above, we do not share our customers’ Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties for direct marketing purposes without such customers’ approval. If, at any time, you wish to learn more about our disclosure policy, opt out of having your Personal Information shared with third parties and/or receiving promotional materials from WildTangent (via email or postal mail), you may contact us at: gamigo Inc., 800 Bellevue Way NE, Suite 500, Bellevue, WA, 98004 or by email at corp-help at wildtangent.com. If you are contacting us with the intention of opting out, please indicate which publications or services you no longer wish to receive so that we may better address your needsCALIFORNIA DOES NOT TRACK DISCLOSURESYour browser may allow you to set a Do Not Track (DNT) signal indicating that you do not wish your online activity to be tracked. Currently, our system does not support and cannot act on DNT signal headers that we may receive. However, the choices that we provide you concerning collection and use of your Personal Information will continue to operate as described in this Privacy Policy.European Residents: For persons in the European Union (“EU”), terms such as “Personal Information” refer to “personal data” as defined by the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and applicable local laws.  Contact details of the data protection officer  You can reach our external data protection officer, Dr. Baran Kizil, LL.M. by writing a letter to  Contact data of the Representative in the European Union according to Art. 27 GDPR  You can contact our Representative within the European Union by writing a letter to  Pursuant to the requirements of the GDPR, the following charts summarize (1) the categories of personal Information we collect from you and process, (2) the purpose and lawful basis for the collection and (3) Third Parties with whom we share Personal Information:Categories of Personal Information we process:Category of Personal Information collectedWhat this meansIdentity DataYour first name, last name, account ID, username or similar identifier and year of birth.Contact DataYour mailing address, billing address, email address and telephone numbers.Financial DataYour payment card and/or payment method details.Transaction DataAny details about payments to and from you and other details of subscriptions and services you have purchased from us. Data as part of your transactions with third parties.Marketing and Communications DataYour preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.Behavioral DataData inferred from your activities and choices, as it relates to our Sites.Technical DataInternet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website or use our services.Purposes for which we process Personal Information and the legal basis relied on:PurposeCategory(ies) of Personal Information involvedWhy do we do thisOur legal basis for this use of dataAccount RegistrationIdentity DataContact DataTo register you as a new customer or allow your login to an existing account.Art. 6 Section 1 lit. b) GDPR; Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a partyGamesIdentity DataTechnical DataFor system administration, to report aggregate information, Site tracking, security purposes or to prevent our servers from attacks.Art. 6 Section 1 lit. b) GDPR; Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a partyProcess payments for purchases and/or servicesIdentity DataContact DataFinancial DataTransaction DataTo process and deliver your order, purchase and/or services, including manage payments, fees and charges.Art. 6 Section 1 lit. b) GDPR; Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a partySweepstakes, Contests and SurveysIdentity DataContact DataTo allow you to participate in some of our sweepstakes, contest, surveys or other promotions.Art. 6 Section 1 lit. b) GDPR; Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or Art. 6 Section 1 lit. a) GDPR, if you have given your consent to data processingCustomer Service, Technical Support or Consumer ComplaintsIdentity DataContact DataFinancial DataTechnical DataTo resolve issues related to customer service, billing questions, technical and computer support, etc.Art. 6 Section 1 lit. b) GDPR; Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a partyFraud PreventionIdentity DataContact DataFinancial DataTechnical DataTo keep our website, our services and associated systems operational and secure.Art. 6 Section 1 lit. b) GDPR; Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a partyTroubleshootingTechnical DataTo track issues that might be occurring on our systems.Art. 6 Section 1 lit. b) GDPR; Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a partyMarketingIdentity DataContact DataMarketing and Communications DataTo form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which services and offers may be relevant for you.Art. 6 Section 1 lit. a) GDPR, if you have given your consent to data processingAccount LinkingIdentity DataContact DataTechnical DataFor account verification, to link your account with a Digital Distribution Service with your WildTangent account and/or to link your console account with your WildTangent account.Art. 6 Section 1 lit. b) GDPR; Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or Art. 6 Section 1 lit. a) GDPR, if you have given your consent to data processingThird Parties with whom we share your Personal Information:RecipientsCategories of Personal Information we shareWhy we share itLocation(s)Billing and Payment ServicesIdentity DataContact DataTo process and deliver your order, purchase and/or services, including manage payments, fees and charges.EuropeThe United StatesCustomer Relationship Management ServicesIdentity DataContact DataThis information is collected for customer service or technical support and/or customer complaints.EuropeThe United StatesTargeted Marketing and Advertising ServicesIdentity DataContact DataTechnical DataTo serve and measure the effectiveness of our advertising, provide Site experiences that may be of interest to you,EuropeThe United StatesProfessional AdvisorsIdentity DataContact DataWe may share this information with our auditors or legal advisors in order to obtain professional advice.EuropeUnited StatesRegulators and other authoritiesIdentity DataContact DataTechnical DataAuthorities may require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances including in connection with criminal investigations, investigation of fraud, infringement of intellectual property rights, or other suspected illegal activities, or as otherwise may be required by applicable laws.EuropeThe United StatesIn EU member countries, to the extent that third party publishers and distributors (“Third Party Distributors”) are performing services related to your Account, we elect the applicable Third Party Distributor(s) as WildTangent’s representative in each such country with respect to the Games for which such Third Party Distributor(s) is the distributor and the related personal data collected for such Game. All such Third Party Distributors must enter into an agreement with WildTangent to maintain such personal data in accordance with their privacy policy, available on their website and any applicable laws.Note that we may be required to release the Personal Information of EU and/or Swiss individuals in response to lawful requests from public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.At any time, an individual residing in the European Union may submit a complaint with a supervisory authority, in the Member State in which the individual resides.If your personal data are processed, you are a data subject as defined by the GDPR, and you have the following rights before WildTangent:RIGHT TO INFORMATIONYou can request to provide you with a confirmation of whether your personal data is processed by us. If so, you can demand the delivery of the following information:the purposes of the processing;the categories of personal data processed;the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been- or will be disclosed;the planned storage duration of your personal data or, if not possible, criteria for determining the storage duration;the existence of the right to request from us rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of your personal data;the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and the envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.You may ask for information to whether the personal data concerning you are being transferred to a third country or to an international organization and may demand to be briefed on the applicable guarantees pursuant to Art. 46 GDPR relating to the transfer.gamigo Inc. shall respond to such inquiries within a month upon receipt of the request.RIGHT OF RECTIFICATIONYou have the right to rectification or completion, provided that your processed personal data are incorrect or incomplete. gamigo Inc. shall have the obligation to implement the rectification immediately.RIGHT TO RESTRICTION OF PROCESSINGUnder the following circumstances, you may claim the restriction of the processing of your personal data:if the accuracy of your personal data is contested by yourself, for a period enabling gamigo Inc. to verify the accuracy of the personal data;if the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data, requesting that their use be restricted instead;if gamigo Inc. no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of its processing, but you require it for the assertion, exercise, or defense of legal claims; orif you have filed an objection to the processing pursuant to Art. 21(1) GDPR, and it has not been yet determined whether gamigo Inc.‘s stated grounds outweigh yours.If processing has been restricted, such personal data shall, with the exception of storage, only be processed either with your consent; for the purposes of asserting, exercising, or defending legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or of a Member State.If the processing restriction was imposed under any of the above circumstances, you will be briefed by gamigo Inc. before the restriction is lifted.If you assert the right to rectification, erasure, or restriction of processing before gamigo Inc. , the latter has the obligation to notify all recipients to whom your personal data were disclosed of this data rectification, erasure, or the restriction of its processing, unless this should prove impossible or associated with a disproportionate cost.You have the right to be informed of these recipients by gamigo Inc.RIGHT TO ERASUREYou shall have the possibility to have gamigo Inc. erase all your personal data, unless we are legally mandated to store them.You have the right to obtain the erasure of your personal data without undue delay, and gamigo Inc. shall have the obligation to erase your personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies:the personal data concerning you are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed;you have withdrawn your consent on the basis of which the data collection was grounded, according to Art. 6(1)(a) or Art. 9(2)(a) GDPR, and no other legal grounds exist for their processing.you file an objection to the processing, pursuant to Art. 21(1) GDPR, and there are no outweighing grounds for the processing, or you file an objection to the processing pursuant to Art. 21(2) GDPR.your personal data have been unlawfully processed;your personal data have to be erased to comply with a legal obligation which requires processing under the laws of the European Union or the Member States, to which the processor is subject;your personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) GDPR.Where gamigo Inc. has made your personal data public and is obliged, pursuant to Art. 17(1) GDPR, to erase the personal data, gamigo Inc., taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers who are processing your personal data that you, have requested the erasure by said controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data.The right to erasure shall not apply to the extend that the processing necessary for:exercising the right of freedom of expression and information;complying with a legal obligation which requires processing under the laws of the European Union or the Member States, to which the processor is subject, or performing a task in the public interest or in exercise of public authority vested in the processor;reasons of public interest in the area of public health in accordance with Art. 9(2)(h) and (i), as well as Art. 9(3) GDPR;archival, scientific, or historiographical research purposes serving the public interest pursuant to Art. 89(1) GDPR, provided that the deletion right described in paragraph (a) does not render impossible or impede the realization of the objectives of the processing;for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.RIGHT TO DATA PORTABILITYYou have the right to receive your personal data which you have provided to gamigo Inc. in a structured, accessible, and machine-readable format. You have the right to transfer this data to another controller without restriction from gamigo Inc. to whom the personal data had been provided, provided thatthe processing is grounded on consent pursuant to Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR, or Art. 9(2)(a) GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR, andthe processing is carried out by automated means.In exercising this right, you have the further right to request that your personal data shall directly be transferred by one controller to another, provided that this is technically feasible. The liberties and rights of other persons may not be compromised by these actions.The right of data portability shall not apply to processing personal data which is required for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in exercise of public authority vested in gamigo Inc.RIGHT TO OBJECTYou have the right to object to personal data processing concerning you on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time, on the basis of Art. 6(1)(e) or (f) GDPR, including profiling based on those provisions.gamigo Inc. shall no longer process the personal data unless gamigo Inc. demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims.If personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, you shall have the right to object at any time to processing of your personal data for said marketing purposes, including profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, personal data concerning you shall no longer be processed for such purposes.In the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, you may exercise your right to object by using automated means which use technical specifications.AUTOMATED INDIVIDUAL DECISION-MAKING, INCLUDING PROFILINGYou shall have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects on you or similarly affects you in a significant manner. The above shall not apply if the decisionis required for entering into, or performance of, a contract between yourself and a data controller,is authorized by Union or Member State law to which gamigo Inc. is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests; oris made with your express consent.These Decisions shall not be based on special categories of personal data referred to in Article 9, Para. 1 GDPR, unless Article 9, Para. 2, lit. (a) or (g) applies and suitable measures are in place to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests.In the cases referred to in points (1) and (3), gamigo Inc. shall implement suitable measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, entailing, at a minimum, the right to obtain human intervention on the part of gamigo Inc., to express his or her point of view and to contest the decision.RIGHT OF WITHDRAWL OF CONSENT UNDER DATA PROTECTION LAWYou have the right to withdraw your consent under data protection law at any time and without additional applying fees. Withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of data processing based on consent effective prior to its withdrawal.RIGHT TO LODGE A COMPLAINT WITH A SUPERVISORY AUTHORITYWithout prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you shall have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of his or her habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if you consider that personal data processing relating to you infringes the GDPR.The supervisory authority with which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the complainant on the progress and the outcome of the complaint including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Article 78 of the GDPR.WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW IS IT USED?Sites and Games App: On some pages, you can play, rent and purchase games and other products, register and/or create a user profile, make requests, submit resume information, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages may include; name, address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card information, as well as other similar personal information.On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you may need to submit the recipient’s email and/or mailing address. In these circumstances, the types of personal information collected may be; name, address, phone number, and/or email address.Please take note that information you post to the public areas of our Sites, which include but are not limited to, message boards, forums, chat rooms, and/or profiles, if applicable, will be displayed publicly and we cannot prevent further use of the information by third parties.Typically, you need to have an Account in order to receive emails from us, provided that you may receive email communications from us on a one-time basis if you have contacted us directly with regard to a specific request or for email newsletters. You can opt-out of receiving future marketing emails from us by following the directions contained in the email to “unsubscribe.”Notwithstanding your email preferences, from time to time, gamigo Inc. may send a transactional or relationship message which provides information concerning a transaction you have agreed to, your membership, subscription or account and/or warranty or safety information.Also, except in jurisdictions where it may be prohibited by law to do so, the Site or service offerings available thereon may allow you to submit information about other people. For example, we may offer “Invite a Friend” promotions, like electronic postcards available on the Site or through our newsletters. In these situations, you may provide the email address and, sometimes, the name of a friend. After the “Invite a Friend” transaction is completed, that information is deleted. We will not retain the recipient’s email address for longer than necessary to complete the transmission. In our communication to your friend in this circumstance, he or she will only receive further information from us if he or she has affirmatively opted-in to receive future emails from us.To participate in some of our sweepstakes, contests, surveys, and other promotions, you may be asked to provide additional Personal Information such as your mailing address. This information may be collected by gamigo Inc. or by third parties such as co-sponsors or vendors for the promotion. Potential winners may be required to provide additional Personal Information for the purpose of verifying eligibility and awarding prizes, and for tax purposes. gamigo Inc.’s use of any such information will be governed by this Privacy Policy. The names of third parties such as co-sponsors (other than vendors hired by us to conduct, administer, and execute a promotion on behalf of gamigo Inc. will be disclosed to you when you are asked to sign up for the promotion. You should review such third parties’ privacy policies to see how they may use any information that they collect.If you are a non-EU Citizen you hereby expressly agree, that where and to the extent required by the applicable laws, your Personal Information may be shared with or otherwise transferred by gamigo Inc. to third parties.If you are a non-EU Citizen, you will be deemed to have consented to the disclosure to, and use by, a subsequent owner or operator of the Site, of any Personal Information contained in the gamigo Inc. database for such Site, if gamigo Inc. or one of its companies assigns all of its rights and obligations regarding the use of your Personal Information at the time of a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, sale of all or substantially all of the Site’s assets to a subsequent owner or operator, or similar event.We do store your personally identifiable information in a secure manner, and also use Secure Sockets Layer encrypted connections to transmit your payment-related personally identifiable information to further protect its privacy. We may also collect unique usage information, which does NOT include personally identifiable information, to assist us in understanding our customers’ use patterns and for use in developing new products and services.Games: When you play a game on the WildTangent Network, gamigo Inc. collects certain profile information that you provide directly. We collect information related to your spending of WildCoins, and we may automatically collect information about your game play and interactions with other players in a social game. Otherwise, games we operate on the WildTangent Network do NOT collect personally identifiable information without your consent. Please note that some of the games you may find on the WildTangent Network may be operated by a third party (for example, some massively multiplayer online games) and your use of such games will be subject to the privacy policy of such third party.Aggregated and Anonymous Data: We may also collect general, demographic and unique device usage information, which does NOT include personally identifiable information, to assist us in understanding our customers’ use patterns and for use in developing new products and services. To facilitate the operation of the Games App, it will collect and report anonymous information necessary to ensure reliable delivery of downloaded games and game content. This information may include data about whether or not content download and installation was successful, game session length (for trial versions), and Games App session length. To help ensure that you have consistent, high quality experiences with our games, and to assist us with product development and planning, we do collect anonymous usage statistics. We do this by assigning a unique identifier in our databases that is NOT linked to any of your personal information. The information gathered is used to accurately count the number of people using our games and other content successfully and is also NOT linked to any of your personal information. At times we may share this usage information with third parties, but only in an anonymous aggregated form - that is, we collect usage information about the thousands of times our games are played, and analyze it as a whole. If you are a non-EU Citizen and gamigo Inc. automatically collects non-Personal Information as stated above, and it is possible to link this information to your Personal Information, you hereby agree to gamigo Inc. linking relevant non-Personal information to your Personal Information.Social Networks: When you access any game on the WildTangent Network at a social network (for example, Facebook), you permit gamigo Inc. to access certain information from your profile on that social network, depending on the game, as well as the privacy settings you have established for that social network. By playing a game on the WildTangent Network through a social network, you are authorizing gamigo Inc. to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the social network could provide to gamigo Inc. through the social network application programming interface.Mobile: If you play games on the WildTangent Network on your mobile telephone or other mobile device, we collect your unique device identifier and may collect your telephone number, country, and other information you choose to provide, such as user name, character name, location or email address.Support: When you request support from us by email, on the telephone, through our web support portal, or by other means we may provide, we will collect and store the contact information you provide (generally your name and e-mail address), information about your game play or activity on the WildTangent Network, any registration numbers you provide, as well as the communications between us over such support issue.With Whom Do We Share Personal Information? We will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties without your consent (subject to the limited exceptions identified below) and at the time you are asked for this information or for consent, we will inform you of:The personally identifiable information to be sharedThe identity of the third partyA link to the third party’s privacy statement, if availablePlease understand that we may also share your information with third parties under the following limited circumstances and as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy:If we need to process a transaction you have placed with us on the WildTangent Network, such as purchasing a game or a digital item. For example, if you pay by a credit or debit card, your card number and sales transaction information are passed on to the card processor and/or issuer (including their service providers such as fraud verification services), and if you request shipment for a purchase, we may provide your address to the shipping carrier.If we use third party contractors to provide services to us or on our behalf. For example, we might retain a company to process credit card payments, to email information about special offers, or to analyze data. We do require such contractors to maintain personally identifiable information as confidential, and to only use it on our behalf.If we, in good faith, are required to disclose it to comply with legal processes, or we need to do so to protect your, our or the public’s rights or property interests.If our company is involved in a sale, merger, or any other combination with a third party. In such circumstances, the surviving entity will be responsible for this Privacy Policy and the personally identifiable information collected from you.Does gamigo Inc. Use Passive Means To Collect Information? To permit your efficient use of the WildTangent Network, we use cookies (small files stored in your computer), which let us know how you accessed us and let us know that you are a prior customer (so that you will not have to re-enter all of the information previously provided to us every time you access our sites). Please note that cookies are not used to access your payment information. This information can only be accessed when you enter your name and password.We (or third parties on our behalf) may also use web beacons, or similar technologies, which are transparent images that have been placed on a web page or an e-mail message, and send a signal that allows us to determine when a page has been visited, or an e-mail opened. Web beacons or similar technologies do not contain or collect personally identifiable information. The information that we do collect is used to allow us to better understand our customers’ usage patterns, and to help us determine how they accessed our website(s). This information, in turn, allows us to improve our products to better meet your needs, and to enhance our communications with you.Are there other Parties Collecting Information about me that I should be aware of while using the WildTangent Network?Other Third Party Sites: The WildTangent Network may be linked to Internet websites or other platforms operated by other companies. Some of these websites or other platforms may be co-branded with our name or logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. gamigo Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices of the websites or other platforms operated by third parties. Once you have left the Sites, you should check the privacy policy of the other website or platform to determine how it handles any personally identifiable information it collects from you. Please be aware that gamigo Inc. does not warn you when you have chosen to link through to another website or property from the Sites.Advertisers and Ad Networks: gamigo Inc. carries advertisements on the WildTangent Network. Some of these ads are served by gamigo Inc. , and some are served by third party ad networks. Where an ad is served by gamigo Inc. that requests personal information from you (for example, in a survey), gamigo Inc. collects the personal information you disclose, along with the advertiser and/or ad network. Otherwise, gamigo Inc. does not collect personal information from such ads.Some ads may provide the ability to click through to websites or properties run by the advertiser or other third parties or to otherwise interact with an advertiser, sometimes without even leaving the Sites. gamigo Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices of advertisers. Once you have clicked on an advertisement, you should check the privacy policy of the advertiser to determine how it handles any personally identifiable information it collects from you.Ad networks and other third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to various websites other than the WildTangent Network. gamigo Inc. does not have control over cookies, web beacons or other technologies that such third parties may use, but gamigo Inc. may acquire non-personally identifiable information regarding the behavior and usage patterns of users of websites and other online properties from third parties, and also may combine this information with other non-personally identifiable information we have collected, to deliver advertisements to you, measure the effectiveness of ads, and more effectively target advertisements and offerings that may be of greater interest to you. We are not responsible for the information collection practices of other third party websites that you may visit. Some of these third party websites and advertising companies may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") or may be partners with information aggregators, such as BlueKai, and may permit you to opt out of tracking by participating websites. While gamigo Inc. is not responsible for the terms of these organizations or the effectiveness of their opt out procedures, for more information on opting out of tracking mechanisms, please see, for example, the BlueKai website at www.bluekai.com/ consumers_optout.php or the NAI opt-out tool at www. networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.You can modify your consent settings anytime.Other Third Parties: gamigo Inc., or third party advertisers, may use third party research firms to conduct brand studies or perform other analytics, and such third party research firms may also use cookies or use beacons to gather relevant information, including whether a user has or has not seen a particular ad campaign.What Happens If I Decline To Provide Personal Information Or Remove Or Reject Passive Information Gathering? If you choose not to submit personal information, or if you choose to configure your browser to remove or reject cookies or other passive data collection, you will not be able to fully utilize our products, services and website features (for example, you will not be able to store items in your shopping cart or complete a game purchase, or you may not be able to receive digital items provided by an advertiser).How do we Protect the Information we Collect? We use reasonable physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard personally identifiable information in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. For example, passwords and other sensitive information are encrypted in transit. We also take steps to ensure that only those gamigo Inc. employees, agents, and contractors who have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to your personally identifiable information are granted access.When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card information), we encrypt that information using secure sockets layering technology (SSL), an industry standard protocol for billing transmission in order to protect the financial information you send us. We store your payment information in encrypted form.While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of the Sites and our customer databases and records, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure, and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We want you to feel confident using the WildTangent Network but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Please refer to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission’s website for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft.What is our Commitment To Children’s Privacy? The WildTangent Network is not intended for use by anyone under the age of 13. gamigo Inc. does not permit the registration on the Sites by, and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from, anyone under 13 years of age. In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information from children under the age of 13, we will take reasonable measures to promptly erase such information from our records. Individuals under the age of eighteen (18) should consult their parents or legal guardians before providing us with any of their Personal Information.How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information? If you wish to review, update or delete any personal information that we have collected about you, please contact our Help Center, or by regular mail at: gamigo Inc. , 800 Bellevue Way NE, Suite 500, Bellevue, WA 98004. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.How Do I Learn About Changes To This Privacy Policy? We may periodically update our Privacy Policy. Please understand that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy frequently to remain informed about any changes to it. Your continued use of the WildTangent Network will indicate your acceptance of any changes we do make. Our most current Privacy Policy will always be available for your review on www.wildtangent.com/privacy.Can I Opt Out of Receiving Updates? You may opt out of receiving alerts or email or text message updates concerning the WildTangent Network. We also will not share your personally identifiable information with advertisers, business partners, or other entities that are not affiliated with gamigo Inc. who would like to send you promotional information about their products and services directly, unless you have opted in to sharing such information. But we may send you administrative email or text messages, service announcements, terms and conditions of your account(s), or other similar communications, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. This is important in case we need to communicate with you about items such as your account, billing, payments, terms of use, pricing changes, and other non-promotional matters.How to contact us? We encourage your questions and comments about any privacy concerns, about this Privacy Policy, or about any of our products and services. The following party is responsible for processing personal data:gamigo Inc. 800 Bellevue Way NE, Suite 500, Bellevue, WA 98004, USAPlease direct questions and comments to our Help Center or through regular mail to the contact details above by email or by post. Additional information about gamigo Inc. is also available at www.wildtangent.com.  gamigo Inc All Rights Reserved.  When you visit our site, pre-selected companies may access and use certain information on your device to serve relevant ads or personalized content.  We also use cookies to provide you with the best experience and improve the site. View privacy and cookie policies for details.Learn MoreContinue to siteLearn more about how information is being used?We and select companies may access and use your information for the below purposes. You may customize your choices below or continue using our site if you're OK with the purposes.Who is using this information?We and pre-selected companies will use your information. You can see each company in the links above or see the complete list here.What information is being used?Different companies use different information, see the complete list here.Continue Using Site