NCSOFT WestSupportCareersContactNC LegalNC WESTNC WESTUser AgreementPrivacy PolicyCode of ConductContent Terms of UseTerms of PurchaseFUSERFUSERFUSER Privacy PolicyFUSER User AgreementFUSER Content Submission TermsCONTEST RULES AND PROMOTION AGREEMENTSCONTEST RULES AND PROMOTION AGREEMENTSBlade & Soul x BenQ In-Game Sweepstakes Official RulesBlade & Soul x ROCCAT In-Game Sweepstakes Official RulesBlade & Soul x ROCCAT Sweepstakes Official RulesGW2 Dragon Bash: BenQ & Astro Gaming Twitter-Based Sweepstakes Official RulesGW2 Dragon Bash: BenQ & Astro Gaming In-Game Sweepstakes Official RulesGW2 Super Adventure Festival & Doritos Sweepstakes Official RulesGW2 Twitter Contest Rules (General)GW2 x Razer Episode 5 Gleam.ioQuiznos & GW2Fuzzy Quaggan HatArenaNet Image Use AgreementArenaNet Affiliate Program PolicyPrivacy Policy  I. What does this Privacy Policy cover?  II. What types of information does NCSOFT  III. From what sources does NCSOFT collect  IV. What third parties collect Personal  Information on behalf of NCSOFT?  V. For what purposes does NCSOFT collect  VI. With whom does NCSOFT share Personal  VII. How does NCSOFT treat Personal Information  transferred out of the EU?  VIII. How is my Personal Information protected?  IX. What rights do you have to your Personal  X. How does NCSOFT use cookies and other  XI. Are there any special categories related to  XII. How will NCSOFT notify users of changes to  XIII. How can someone contact NCSOFT?  We at NCSOFT work hard to provide high quality online and mobile gaming  experiences. With so many individuals logging into and connecting through our  games, we understand the importance of your privacy. Maintaining your privacy  and the trust of our users is important to us. NCSOFT may store, process, and,  under certain circumstances, share your information as described in this  Throughout this Privacy Policy we refer to “Services,” which means our  websites, games, surveys, promotions, contests, purchases, community support,  and related activities. Also, when we use the terms "NCSOFT", “we”,  “us” or their derivatives, we are referring to, collectively, NC Interactive,  LLC, ArenaNet, LLC, and NCSOFT Europe, Ltd.  What does this Privacy Policy cover?  explains how we collect, use, protect, and store your Personal Information  (defined below) and how we comply with applicable data protection laws. It only  applies to NCSOFT’s websites, services, products and offerings. It does not  apply to other non-NCSOFT service providers and websites, including those to  which we may link. Those websites, services or games will have their own  privacy policies, which you will want to review and understand.  our processing and practices related to your Personal Information. By using our  Services, you are confirming that you understand English (or, in some cases  French, German, or Spanish) well enough to understand this Policy. Should you  have questions about this Policy, please contact us as described below, so we  can clarify and address your questions.  What types of information does NCSOFT collect?  different types of information from you depending on how you use our Services,  including Personal Information. “Personal Information” means information that  relates to an identified or identifiable natural person.  Information we may collect include the following categories of information:  and other information about location  media account (e.g., Twitter handle, Facebook account, etc.) identifiers  created by third-party platforms used to download and/or access our games (e.g.,  a “SteamID”, which is a unique identifier used to identify a Steam account)  ID, character name, gameplay history and other gaming activity information  ID, MAC address, and IP address  operating system and system specifications  OS Version and certain information concerning devices you use to access the  “click path” and pages visited on our websites  advertisement, website or link that brought you to one of our websites and any  site visited immediately after leaving one of our websites  information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal.  We may also collect information  that does not generally identify you but may become associated with your  account. We reserve the right to use information that does not generally  identify you in connection with any lawful purpose.  From what sources does NCSOFT collect Personal Information?  your Personal Information when you provide it to us directly through the  Services you use, for example when you:  Register for an account, contest or giveaway  Submit additional information on the account page  Send email messages, submit forms, or contact us  Respond to surveys or customer questionnaires  Report a problem with the Services  receive Personal Information from or through certain third-party services that help  us provide the Services and/or facilitate your access to the Services,  including, by way of example, third-party platforms that you may use to log in  and access our Services (e.g., Facebook, Google, Game Center) and the  third-party services described in Section IV of this Privacy Policy (e.g.,  payment processors and advertising partners).  Privacy Policy when we use Personal Information provided to us by third  parties. However, we do not control the information that these third parties  collect or how they use that information. You should review these third parties'  privacy policies for more information about how they collect, use, and share  information they obtain and use, including the information they may disclose to  us if you use their service credentials to log in to our Services.  What third parties collect Personal Information on behalf of  reasons and to better protect your privacy, we do not directly collect or store  your payment information. Should you choose to make financial transactions  through our Services, we use third-party payment processors who collect payment  information on our behalf to process your transactions. Specifically, payment,  billing and credit card verification services may need to collect certain  Personal Information in order to access your payment methods and process your  transactions. If you choose not to provide Personal Information for payment  processing needs, they will not be able to complete your requested  Personal Information about you from third-party advertising partners that  manage advertising campaigns on our behalf. For example, if you click on an  advertisement that directs you to one of our Services (such as a banner  advertisement located on a third-party website), we may receive information  concerning the advertisement, website or link that brought you to one of our  websites and the applicable ad campaign.  may use third-party customer service platforms that help us provide support to  our users by offering them a means by which they may contact us with inquiries  about our Services. Some of these customer service platforms may provide us  with certain Personal Information (e.g., email address) of users that  Fraud Protection and Authentication Service Providers  protection and authentication service providers may collect Personal  Information on our behalf concerning the devices of our users. This information  may be collected when users log in to one of our websites. This information may  be used to help us maintain the integrity of our Services.  service providers may collect information for us about the location of our  users. This may be collected when a user logs in to one of our Services. This  information may be used to help keep the Services more secure and create a more  customized experience for our users.  third parties to facilitate our processing and review of job applications. In  certain cases, users may submit job applications and other Personal Information  through cloud-based facilities made available by these recruitment service  providers. If you make use of such a facility, the relevant recruitment service  provider will provide us with your Personal Information to help us review your  For what purposes does NCSOFT collect Personal Information?  Personal Information to provide our Services to you or to complete a  transaction. We use Personal Information for the purposes for which you provide  it and the Services you use and as otherwise may be permitted under this  Privacy Policy and applicable law. For example:  We may use Personal Information such as phone number, address, and  social media profile information to offer, administer and improve our Services,  including using your Personal Information to provide customer support, to  market our products and services, to provide a game, event or contest, or to understand  how users interact with our websites and our other products, so we can work to optimize  We use billing data, including payment card or bank information for  purchases you make and customer support requests about refunds and chargeback  We may collect, use, and store your Personal Information, including your  email address and information about the device through which you access the  Services, to set up your account as part of the registration process.  We may collect, use, and store your Personal Information to fulfill your  requests and maintain records of our provision of the Services to you. If you attempt  to initiate a transaction with us or make a request of us, but do not provide  the Personal Information we need, we may not be able to process the transaction  or provide the requested Service.  We may use your Personal Information and/or aggregate or anonymized information  to help us target advertising on social media or third-party websites.  We may use Personal Information that you submit to us when you apply for  a job (e.g., name, address, and email) and for recruitment-related  activities, such as setting up and conducting interviews for applicants and  evaluating and assessing the results.  When you communicate through a Service, even privately, we process, store,  and may monitor those communications to detect cheating, fraud, illegal  activity, or other activities that may violate one of our User Agreements.  use, or store your Personal Information if:  You voluntarily provide it to us with your specific and informed consent  (for example, when signing up for our newsletters or in connection with the  creation of a profile for marketing campaigns, including on social media or  It is necessary to provide you a Service that you have requested (for  example, providing you access to our games).  We have a legitimate business interest that is not outweighed by your  privacy rights (for example, to maintain records of sales through our online  store, to enforce fair and consistent rules for all players, or to detect  cheating, fraud, illegal activity, or other activities that may violate one of our  It is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests  of others (e.g., we may collect or share Personal Information where  necessary to resolve an urgent medical situation or protect the health or  safety of one of our players or someone else).  With whom does NCSOFT share Personal Information?  Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes;  however, we may share your Personal Information with third-party service  providers that are subject to contractual and legal limitations on how they may  use Personal Information they process. These limitations generally prohibit  service providers from using Personal Information for any purpose other than  the purpose for which it was provided or collected. When we share Personal  Information with service providers, we do so to provide you with access to our  Services and to administer, improve, present, and market our Services and  business. The categories of third-party service providers that we may disclose  Personal Information to include the following:  Fraud detection and management services,  authentication services, and vendors that assist us with managing other  risks associated with our business  Customer support and localization (i.e., translation)  Marketing and advertising platforms and marketing  companies, including service providers that help us manage contests,  sweepstakes, surveys, and similar promotional events  Cloud-based recruitment services providers that  assist us with processing job applications and other related recruitment  Social media websites, server providers, and email  Moderation and user experience providers  Consultants, attorneys and similar service providers  that are obligated to keep Personal Information secure and confidential  and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them  disclose your Personal Information in the following circumstances:  We may disclose your Personal Information to law  enforcement or other appropriate third parties in connection with  criminal, fraud, infringement, other investigations related to suspected  illegal activities, to protect the health and safety of our players,  personnel or third parties, as may be required or allowed by applicable  law, or to protect the legitimate legal and business interests of  NCSOFT, our personnel and customers.  We may disclose your Personal Information where  necessary to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring,  reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of  our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy,  liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Information held  by us is among the assets transferred.  We may disclose your Personal Information to our  subsidiaries and affiliates. For example, this may occur where an  affiliate’s personnel provide support in connection with offering one of  the Services or where there is a reallocation of organizational  resources among our affiliated entities.  precautions before sharing your Personal Information with third parties and  require that third parties with whom we may share Personal Information provide  adequate protections. Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we will not share  any of your Personal Information to any third party without your express  approval. If third parties collect,  use, or store your Personal Information on our behalf, we require that they do  so in accordance with applicable law, reasonably limit their retention and use  of your Personal Information, and that they use appropriate security measures  to protect your Personal Information.  How does NCSOFT treat Personal Information transferred out of  process your Personal Information outside of the country where we collect it or  which you reside. NCSOFT has its primary places of business in the United  States of America and United Kingdom. You should understand that we may  transfer some or all of your Personal Information to the United States of  America to carry out certain operational and processing needs as described in  Personal Information out of the EU, we implement technical, organizational, and  physical safeguards to protect your Personal Information. We use European  Commission approved standard contractual clauses, and Privacy Shield  certification and implement related measures required by applicable law.  if you have questions related to the relevant transfer mechanism for your  the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield  Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the  collection, use, and retention of Personal Information transferred from the  European Union and Switzerland to the United States. NCSOFT has certified to  the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If  there is any conflict between the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Privacy  Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles govern. To learn more about  the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visithttps://www.privacyshield.gov/. NCSOFT is responsible for the processing of the  Personal Information we receive and subsequently transfer to a third party  acting as an agent on our behalf, and we remain liable if a third party acting  on our behalf uses your Personal Information in a way that is inconsistent with  our obligations under Privacy Shield, unless we can prove that we are not  responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. In compliance with the  Privacy Shield Principles, NCSOFT commits to resolve complaints about our  collection or use of your Personal Information. European Union or Swiss  individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy  should first contact NCSOFT using the information found at the end of this  Privacy Policy. NCSOFT commits to cooperate with the panel established by the  EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and  Information Commissioner and comply with the advice given by the panel and  Commissionerabout Personal Information transferred from the EU or  Switzerland. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over NCSOFT’s compliance  with the Privacy Shield. You may have the right, under certain conditions, to  invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding Privacy Shield compliance  not resolved by any of the other Privacy Shield mechanisms. Seehttps://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introductionfor  How is my Personal Information protected?  Our Retention, Purpose Limitation, and Security Policies  Information through a combination of collection, security, and retention  Limited Retention. We only keep your Personal Information for as long as  we need it for business and operational needs or to comply with any statutory,  Purpose limitation. We will use your Personal Information only for the  Services you choose to access and for the purposes for which you choose to  share it. We will respect your requests to start or stop processing your  Personal Information for marketing purposes, as well as the types of marketing  messages you may wish to receive.  Security Measures. We use appropriate measures to keep the Personal  Information we collect and use in a secure environment, and we have implemented  technical, administrative, and physical security measures designed to protect  Personal Information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and  modification. As part of our privacy compliance processes we review these  security procedures on an ongoing basis to consider new technology and methods  as necessary. However, please understand that our implementation of security  measures as described in this Privacy Policy does not guarantee the security of  activities are likewise very important in the protection of your own Personal  Information. You can take certain steps to help protect your Personal  Information, such as being mindful of what you post in public places.  Do not use your real name when selecting a username. Your username will  be available to the internet's general public while you participate in some  Services, like forums, chat rooms, or message boards, so you should exercise  your own discretion when using these Services.  Do not post your real name in public-facing areas of the Services, such  as forums, chat rooms, or message boards, and do not share anything private  about yourself on such public platforms, including your phone number or  address. Use usernames instead of real names at all times.  Many types of communications, especially those on public forums or  social media, are generally available to the public or large groups of unknown  users. Remember that we have no control over what third parties do with the  content of such communications and no responsibility or obligation regarding  third parties’ collection or use of communications you share. To the extent  that you are create a public profile that may be available to others on our  Services, you are solely responsible for its content at all times.  What rights do you have to your Personal Information?  Right to Access, Correct, Delete, or Restrict Processing  limitations under applicable law, you have the right to request access to your Personal  Information and exercise a number of rights:  You have the right to correct or update certain  types of Personal Information. In many cases, you can review or update the  Personal Information in your account by accessing your account online.  You have the right to request deletion of your  account and related Personal Information. If you choose to have your  Personal Information removed from our active databases, we will carry  out your request within 30 days of account verification and will only  retain minimal information to document your request and the actions we  took to carry out your request.  You have the right to restrict certain processing of  your Personal Information, and the right to object to some types of  processing of your Personal Information.  You have the right to object to your Personal  Information being used for marketing or advertising purposes.  with your rights requests in accordance with, and subject to, applicable law.  Please note that we are legally prohibited from carrying out requested actions  in some instances, including (1) when we are unable to confirm your identity; (2)  where the request is considered excessive, and (3) where doing so would  adversely affect the rights or freedoms of other individuals.  We are here to help  contact information provided in Section XIII of this Privacy Policy if you  would like to exercise any of the rights described above or if you have  right to contact our data protection officer (DPO) if you are unsatisfied with  how your request is being handled. To get in touch with him or her for any  information concerning our processing of Personal Information, please contact: DPO@ncsoft.com.  Right to Lodge a Complaint  to lodge a complaint regarding our collection, processing, or storage of your  Personal Information with a data protection supervisory authority in the country  where you live or work.  How does NCSOFT use cookies and other identifiers?  of our websites, we may ask your browser to store a “cookie”, which is a small  text file, on your device to remember information about you, such as your  language preference or login information. We and our third-party providers use  cookies to assign a unique number that automatically identifies your computer  when you visit our websites. Some cookies remain on your computer until you  delete them; others, like session ID cookies, expire when you close your  browser. We and our third-party providers also use other identifiers (such as  Clear GIFs, pixels, web beacons) to track the pages visited on our websites or  the emails and other communication we send. Such tracking identifiers are tiny  graphics that are embedded invisibly on web pages or in HTML-based emails.  other tracking technologies for the following purposes:  To assist you in navigating our websites or to display certain types of  To assist you in registration for our events, to log in to certain  features or to provide us your feedback;  Analyzing your use of our Services, functionality and use of our pages  and links, collecting aggregated user data, and traffic sources; and  Tracking our promotional and marketing efforts.  our websites come from third-party advertisers or analytics providers. These  cookies improve your experience by helping us better tailor our websites to our  audience. We work with third-party advertising and analytics providers to help  collect information about website visitors and account holders and their usage  of our Services. Those third-party providers may use cookies and tracking  identifiers to collect, and may otherwise have access to, information about  users of our Services, including Personal Information. For example, third-party  providers may collect or otherwise have access to usage information (e.g.,  information about the pages where users enter and exit our websites, what pages  they view on our websites, etc.), device information, online identifiers of  users, and demographic and interest-level information.  Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway,  Mountain View, CA 94043, US. On a de-identified basis, Google analyzes your use  of our websites on our behalf. The information collected by Google in  connection with your use of our websites is transmitted to a server of Google  in the US, where it is stored and analyzed. For information about how Google  Analytics collects and processes data, please see the following link: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.  Google’s collection and use of information is subject to Google’s Privacy  Policy. If you would like to opt out of Google Analytics tracking, please visit  one of the following links:  the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/)  Our websites may use Campaign Manager  (formerly Doubleclick) by Google. Campaign Manager serves cookies to help us  display relevant advertisements to our users, understand the performance of our  ad campaigns, and prevent users from seeing the same ad multiple times. These  cookies may collect information about your actions and otherwise track your  behavior on third-party websites, including conversions related to ad requests.  If you would like to opt out of Google Campaign Manager tracking, you can  install the appropriate plugin for your browser (if you use Chrome, Firefox or  Internet Explorer) by followingthis linkand/or adjust your browser settings to not accept  cookies. Note that, by installing the plugin or changing your browser settings,  you may still receive ads, but they may not be targeted.  In some of our or  our affiliates’ Services, we may use Unity Ads, an advertising service offered  by Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 and Unity  Technologies Finland OY, Kaivokatu 8 B, 00100 Helsinki, Finland. We do not send  Unity Ads your Personal Information. Rather, Unity Ads collects Personal  Information directly from your device, and uses this Personal Information to  provide you targeted advertising. You can view their privacy policy, which  includes instructions on how to restrict the collection of Personal  Information, by visiting their website (https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy).  tailor our advertising to our users and create a more personalized experience  for them. Additional information about Sizmek may be found at www.sizmek.com.  Details about Sizmek’s privacy policy and cookies policy is available at https://www.sizmek.com/privacy-policy/  respectively. For information on how to disable Sizmek tracking and/or to opt  out of Sizmek, you can click on the opt-out link at https://www.sizmek.com/privacy-policy/.  Browser Settings; Choices about Cookies  browser setting to attempt to reject the cookies and tracking identifiers, and  you may still use our websites. However, you may be limited in some areas of  our websites, or you may have to enter passwords or identifying information  above, we may use cookies and other tracking identifiers to collect information  about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other  here for information on how you may be able to opt out of tracking and  mechanisms that may enable consumers to exercise choice about tracking.  Are there any special categories related to Personal  Our Services are not designed for children, and we do not intentionally  collect, maintain, or disclose any Personal Information from children. A  “child” is usually considered to be under the age of 13 under applicable law;  however, depending on where you live, the age which a person receives special  protections for their data may be higher.  If you are a parent or guardian of a child who has submitted Personal  Information, you can request removal by sending us an email at ncprivacy@ncsoft.com. If you do so,  please provide the same username and email address that your child submitted.  If your child has used your credit card on our Services without your permission,  please contact us immediately at ncprivacy@ncsoft.com.  We provide registered users the ability to post information on our  Services. If you are a California resident who is under 18 and a registered  user and you are unable to remove content or information you posted in a public  area following the instructions provided, you may request removal by contacting  us. When requesting removal you must be specific about the information or  content you want to remove and provide the URL for each place it is located. We  are not required to remove any content or information that: (a) we, or a third  party, are legally required to maintain; (b) was not posted by you; (c) is  anonymized so that you are not identified; (d) is not based on a request that  follows our instructions for removing or requesting removal; or (e) you  received compensation or other consideration for providing the content or  California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to  request information from us concerning any disclosures of Personal Information  we may have made in the prior calendar year to third parties for direct  marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and you wish to request  information about our compliance with this law or our privacy practices, please  If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act of  2018 (“CCPA”) requires us to provide you with additional information  concerning our use of your Personal Information:  In the preceding 12 months, NCSOFT has not sold Personal Information. NCSOFT  only shares Personal Information with service providers.  In the preceding 12 months, NCSOFT has disclosed the following  categories of Personal Information for a business purpose:  information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal.  or other similar network activity  classification characteristics under California or federal law  If you are a California resident, you have the right to  request that NCSOFT disclose certain information to you about how we have collected  and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months. Once we receive  and confirm a verifiable consumer request from you, we will disclose the  The categories of Personal Information we collected  about you during the past 12 months.  The categories of sources from which we collected Personal  Information about you during the past 12 months.  The categories of third parties with whom we share  Our business or commercial purpose for collecting  and sharing the applicable Personal Information.  The specific pieces of Personal Information we  collected about you during the past 12 months (sometimes referred to as  To the extent we disclosed your Personal Information  for a business purpose, a description of such disclosures that identifies  the categories of Personal Information obtained by each category of  If you are a California resident, you have the right to request that NCSOFT  delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and  retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and verify your  consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete)  your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception under the CCPA  applies, including, for example, where the relevant Personal Information is  Complete the transaction for which we collected the  Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, take  actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing  business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with  Detect security incidents, protect against malicious,  deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible  Debug products to identify and repair errors that  Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another  consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right  Comply with the California Electronic Communications  Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.);  Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific,  historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres  to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s  deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's  achievement, if you previously provided informed consent;  Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably  aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us;  Comply with a legal obligation; or  Make other internal and lawful uses of that  information that are compatible with the context in which you provided  To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described  above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by emailing your  someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable  consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may also make a  verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a  verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a  12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:  Provide sufficient information that allows us to  reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information  or an authorized representative of a person about whom we collected  Describe your request with enough detail to allow us  to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to the request.  To be clear – any disclosures we provide in response to a  verifiable consumer request will only cover the 12-month period preceding the  to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify  your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information  relates to you or the person on whose behalf you are making the request. We  will only use Personal Information provided in a consumer request to verify the  requestor's identity or authority to make the request. If we cannot comply with  a request (including where we cannot verify it), we will explain the reasons we  cannot comply with a request.  We will take steps to respond to a verifiable consumer  request within 45 days after we receive it. If we require more time to respond,  we will inform you of the reason for the delay and extension period in writing.  We will deliver our written response by mail or via email, at your option.  For data portability requests, we will choose a format to  provide your Personal Information that is readily useable and should allow you  to transmit the information from one entity to another entity.  We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your  verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly  unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you  why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before  We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights described  in this Section XI(B). Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:  Deny you goods or services.  Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services,  including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing  Provide you a different level or quality of goods or  Suggest that you may receive a different price or  rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or  extent permitted by CCPA, we may offer you certain financial incentives that  can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted  financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to the value of your Personal  Information and contain written terms that describe the program’s material  aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program, if we offer one,  requires you to opt-in in advance, and you may opt out at any time.  How will NCSOFT notify users of changes to this Privacy Policy?  right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we take steps to  notify registered users via email of the existence of a new Privacy Policy. We  also take additional steps such as placing a clear notice on the Services,  posting the new Privacy Policy on our websites, or other notification methods  that may be appropriate based on the nature of the updates. All changes to the  Privacy Policy will be effective when posted, and your continued use of any of  the Services after the posting will be subject to the updated Privacy Policy.  How can someone contact NCSOFT?  For NCSOFT our mailing address is:  Legal DocumentationPrivacy PolicyEnglish (UK)© 2021 NCSOFT Corporation. All rights reserved. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.SupportCareersContactEnglish (UK)EnglishEnglish (UK)EspañolDeutschFrançaisItalianoPortuguêsCookie PolicyBy clicking “I Accept” below, you accept our and third parties’ use of marketing, social media, and advertising cookies and related personal data processing to improve functions, advertisements, and content on our websites and those of others. You may change your cookie preferences by visiting “Cookie Settings,” below. See our NC West Privacy Policy for more information about our privacy practices.I AcceptCookie SettingsCookie SettingsPlease select one of the two options below and press the “Save Settings” button to confirm your settings.All marketing, social media, and advertising cookies offAll cookies activatedSave SettingsCookie Settings