California Right to Know Information on Vimeo  The most reliable way to stream video.  TM + © 2021 Vimeo.com, Inc.  California Right to Know Information  Last Updated: December 12, 2019  The table below is a part of Vimeo’s Privacy Policy. It describes the categories of personal information we receive when you use our services or visit our websites, our purposes for collecting that information, and the third parties we share it with. For more information on rights that California users have, please refer to our Privacy Policy.  Account information means information that forms part of your account profile. This includes your name or username, contact information (including email address and location), Vimeo account ID, and any personal characteristics you might choose to add to your profile (like your pronoun preferences). If you use Vimeo to seek employment opportunities, your account information may include (at your option), employment history and status.We may, in certain cases, enrich the information you've provided with data we receive from third parties. Some enriched data may include inferences about your use of other platforms.  We collect most account information directly from you. For example, to register, you must provide an email address and a screen name. We may provide other opportunities to directly provide personal information, such as in your user profile.We may receive certain account information, like your email address, from a third-party platform if you choose to authenticate your account using third-party log-ins. We may also receive enriched data from third-party platforms where we advertise and third-party analytics vendors.  We use account information to:  Provide our services, manage interactions on our services, fulfil orders, implement your preferences, and provide customer support;  Improve our services, provide quality assurance, and correct errors;  Implement security measures and prevent fraud and other abuse; and  Provide updates and offers that you may be interested in.  We share account information with select third parties for numerous business objectives:  We store your information on third-party cloud infrastructure providers. These providers are not permitted to use your data for any purpose other than providing services to us.  We share your account information with our customer support partners and vendors who provide customer relations management (CRM) tools, which allow us to provide support, send you emails, and provide other services.  If you purchase a physical product, we will share your shipping information with our fulfilment and delivery partners.  When you authenticate with a third-party account, we will provide information to that platform indicating that you have logged onto our platform with the credentials stored on the third-party platform.  The information provided in your profile page is displayed pursuant to the privacy settings you have chosen.  Payment information means payment card information, bank accounts, PayPal information, and other payment-related information.  You provide payment information to our authorized payment processing vendors when you make a purchase. We may obtain certain payment information from those vendors for certain limited purposes, such as investigating fraud.If you use one of our monetization products, you must provide a bank account or other financial account to receive monies, and you may need to provide us with your tax information, which could include your taxpayer identification number.  We use payment information to fulfil orders, pay amounts owed to you, prevent fraud and other abuse, handle chargebacks and refunds, and provide support.  Your payment information is collected directly by our payment processing vendors; we do not directly collect such information in the first instance. This information will be disclosed to other parties in the financial payments system solely for the purpose of processing your transactions and complying with PCI (payment card industry) and legal requirements. We may also disclose certain financial information to our auditors and advisors for planning, financial reporting, accounting, auditing, tax filings, and legal compliance.  Automatically collected information means technical and activity information that is collected when you access our services. It includes the public IP address of the device you are using, geolocation that is derived from the IP address, information about your device and Internet service provider, information about your viewing activities and actions on our services, and information about the website you last visited or search query that you entered before being directed to our service.  We collect this information directly when you use our websites and apps. We also collect it through third parties who may include cookies, pixels, and similar technologies on our services. We may also receive this information from our authorized vendors and business partners.  We use automatically collected information to: provide services to you, manage interactions on our services, fulfill orders, complete transactions, manage advertising spend, manage preferences, implement security measures, provide customer support, quality assurance, and debugging, prevent fraud and other abuse, and improve our services.  We share automatically collected information with authorized vendors, including:  Cloud storage and delivery providers, so that we can optimize the delivery of our services, taking into account your location and device capabilities;  CRM providers, so that we can understand how to best address any issues you might write to us about;  Vendors who help us detect fraud, spam, and other abuse;Analytics providers, so that we can understand how our services are being used and improve them; and  Advertising partners, so that we can show you ads on third-party sites and understand how our advertising money is being spent.  © 2021 Vimeo.com, Inc. All rights reserved.  Privacy Preference CenterWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.  More informationAllow All Manage Consent PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off. You may be able to configure your internet browser to block strictly necessary cookies. However, if you block this category of cookies - which do not collect or store any personal data - some parts of the website may be affected and may not function properly.Cookies Details‎Targeting Cookies  Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used so that we can show you our advertisements on third party sites, measure the effectiveness of those advertisements, or exclude you from display advertising.  They do not directly store personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not receive targeted advertising.Cookies Details‎Functional Cookies  Functional Cookies These cookies enable enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these additional features may not function properly.Cookies Details‎Performance Cookies  Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits, identify traffic sources, and understand how our services are being used so we can measure and improve performance.  If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Cookies Details‎Back Button Performance CookiesVendor Search  Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label33Acrosshost descriptionView CookiesNamecookie nameReject All Confirm My Choices