SEGA UK - Privacy Policy | SEGA  SEGA UK - Privacy Policy  SEGA Europe Limited Privacy Policy  SEGA Europe Limited, its subsidiaries and affiliates (together “SEGA”, individually a “SEGA Entity”) are committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal data. SEGA collects different types of information from you when you use our mobile, online and downloadable products and services (together, the "Products").  This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and protect your personal data when you use our Products or interact with us.  By using our Products you acknowledge that you have read and understood the terms of this Privacy Policy, including how we use your personal data.  The data controller is responsible for collecting and using your personal data.  To comply with data protection legislation, the data controller will be the SEGA Entity with whom you contract for a Product. See the 'Your questions and how to contact us' section of this Privacy Policy for more details.  We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time by changing it as it applies to your use of any of our Products. We want you to enjoy using our Products and urge you to follow common sense whenever disclosing personal data – in our Products or elsewhere.  Our Privacy Policy will help explain what information we collect, how we use it and what options you have in relation to it. The key points of our Privacy Policy are provided below, however you can also learn more by clicking the ‘learn more’ link below.  1. Information we collect and receive  We collect personal data about you and the devices you use to access and interact with us and our Products. We collect:  you give us when you sign up to access our Products  provided by you and/or third party stores  (c) Technical and device information  information from your mobile or computer device when you use our Products  (d) Feedback / surveys / user research  your questions, suggestions or views on our Products  information about your use of our Products that is shared with third party platforms and services connected with our Products  (f) Information from publicly available online sources  information that has been made publicly available by you on third party platforms (such as Facebook or Twitter) and which relates to our Products  (g) Information about your use of our Products  information we collect when you use our Products  information you provide to us when you participate in our competitions  information that is collected when you utilise third party social media plug-ins relating to our Products  (j) Anti-cheat and anti-hacking technologies  information that helps us to ensure our Products are used in a fair and lawful manner  information that is processed by third party LiveOps tools when you use our Products  (l) User Acquisition and Core / Custom / Lookalike Audiences:  information that is collected to help us acquire new users for our Products and to build Core, Custom and Lookalike Audiences  We collect personal data about you and the devices you use to access our Products and interact with us. We collect:  When you register or sign up to use our Products (or a SEGA account associated with our Products, such as Games2Gether) we may collect information about you including your name, contact details, age, gender, personal preferences and additional information that you chose to provide. You may be required to register with your Platform Operator account ID to use certain features within our Products. We may also collect your contact information so that you can sign-up to receive SEGA's marketing communications. We use tracking pixels in our marketing communications so that we can verify if the e-mail has been opened. As part of any required sign in to use our Products, we will verify the information that you use to log in.  You can choose to sign-up for our Products using third party services such as your Facebook account in which case Facebook will ask you for permission to provide certain personal data such as your username, date of birth and contact details.  We may collect payment information such as credit or debit card details (including expiration dates) and other billing information such as your name and address. We may collect this information from you and/or third party stores that have been authorised to sell our Products.  (c) Technical and device information  We collect information from your web browsing activity about the way you use our Products. We may also collect information about you from the notifications or messages you post or send online as well as what you search for, look at and engage with. Information obtained from social features used within our Products, such as in-game communications, forums and chat functionality, may be stored, copied or used by SEGA, the public, or third-party companies.  By accessing our Products, we may collect technical information from your mobile or computer device, for example your location information where you choose to share this with us, which devices are connected to the Internet, hardware settings, components of your devices, installed software, updates and plugins to facilitate the use of our Products. We may automatically collect information such as your operating system, IP address (the unique address which identifies your device on the internet), your browser type, browser language preferences and when, how often and how long you interact with our Products, websites and services. We, and/or our third party suppliers may use cookies and similar technologies (including but not limited to web beacons and tracking pixels), or collect data about your device(s) to create a device fingerprint of the components of your specific device(s).  (d) Feedback / surveys / user research  We will collect personal data from the messages and reviews you post on our social channels and forums, or on the Games2Gether platform, and when you contact us, for example with a question, problem or comment. Telephone support through our customer services department is automated and we do not collect your personal data.  If you contact our customer services team by email or through our third-party ticketing system (Zendesk), we will keep copies of your correspondence with us for as long as necessary to deal with your query.  If you decide to participate in our surveys you may be asked to provide personal data such as your name and e-mail address.  From time to time SEGA carries out user research testing sessions to obtain feedback from our customers about our Products. By participating in these sessions, you may be asked to provide your personal data including your name, address, age and email address. SEGA may also film and record these sessions.  We share information obtained about your use of our Products with certain third party partners.  We also receive data about you from Platform Operators and other partners to track and improve the performance of our Products.  (f) Information from publicly available online sources  SEGA uses its own and third-party analytic technologies to collect information about how you use our Products.  In doing so, we may collect and analyse information which has been made publicly available by you through third party platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Reddit and public forums. The data that SEGA collects may include a Facebook comment, a Tweet or a post on a public forum, where these specifically relate to our Products.  (g) Information about your use of our Products  When you visit or use our Products we collect, process and combine information about your use of those Products, such as your IP address, Platform Operator account information (e.g. the pseudonymised user ID associated with your Xbox or Steam account), hardware and software information, and aggregate gameplay data, usage data and purchase histories. We also receive data about you and your use of our Products from Platform Operators, including but not limited to sales and gameplay data related to your interactions with our Products.  When you participate in a competition organised by SEGA, you may be asked to provide certain personal data, such as your name, email address, country of origin and the User ID for the Platform Operator which you use to access our Products (e.g. Steam ID). You may also be required to submit a photograph or video of yourself if this forms part of the entry requirements of the competition.  Winners may be required to provide their address for the purpose of SEGA delivering the prizes.  Where cash prizes are awarded, you will be prompted to register with our authorised third-party partner that will handle the issuing of the prize payments on our behalf.  The competition you participate in will have its own terms and conditions which will set out the specific requirements in more detail.  Some SEGA websites may include social media plug-ins. These plug-ins allow you to easily share our content via social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter, most commonly via a “share” or “like” button.  Whenever you launch a SEGA web page that contains a social media plug-in, your browser establishes a connection with the servers of that social media platform. If you decide to utilise the plug-in, by “sharing” or “liking” the content on our website, that data will be shared with the social media platform via your browser.  (j) Anti-cheat and anti-hacking technologies  SEGA strives to ensure that anyone who interacts with our Products, or participates in our competitions and tournaments, does so in a fair and lawful manner. SEGA may utilise anti-cheat and/or anti-hacking technologies to collect certain personal identifiers relating to your use of our Products.  Our Products may include third party LiveOps software which helps us to provide in-game features that are core to your gameplay experience. For example, the software may enable us to offer multiplayer modes, leader boards, in-game rewards and more. The software may also allow SEGA to collect data analytics relating to your use of the Product.  (l) User Acquisition and Core / Custom / Lookalike Audiences  We may share your personal data with Facebook, Google, Twitter and other third-party partners for marketing purposes (which may involve acquiring new users for our Products) and to help us build Core Audiences, Custom Audiences and Lookalike Audiences. We will only share your data (typically a device ID or an e-mail address) with these partners with your express consent.  2. Our use of collected information  Collected information may be used in the following ways:  (i) to create your profile and so you can access our Products;  (ii) to identify you when you sign-in;  (iii) to give you access to your user preferences;  (iv) to contact you for your views on our Products;  (v) to notify you of changes or updates to our Products; and  (vi) for marketing purposes, based on your communication preferences.  (i) to verify your purchase of our Products and process any refunds;  (ii) to reply to any queries and questions and to resolve problems;  (iii) to carry out analysis and research to develop our Products; and  (iv) to protect you and our Products by seeking to detect and prevent fraud or other acts in breach of our user agreements or policies relevant to our Products.  (c) Technical and device information:  (i) to provide you with an optimal experience;  (ii) to understand how you interact with our Products  (iii) to provide Products you request;  (iv) to measure and analyse the use and effectiveness of our Products;  (v) to understand which of your devices are using our Products and playing our videogames;  (vi) to provide safe and fair gaming environments;  (vii) to customise and optimise the targeting of our advertising both within our Products and across our websites;  (viii) to operate and improve our Products; and  (d) Feedback / Surveys / User Research:  (i) to reply to your questions or queries;  (ii) to record comments and information which you provide on our gaming forums; and  (iii) to conduct analysis and research to improve and develop our Products.  (i) to enable us to provide tailored offers to you;  (ii) to facilitate sharing on social networks; and  (iii) to facilitate your gameplay.  (f) Information from publicly available online sources:  (i) to understand the community sentiment about our Products.  (g) Information about your use of our Products:  (i) to track the performance of our Products;  (ii) to communicate with our platform operators and partners; and  (iii) to improve our advertising and targeting systems.  (i) to verify your identity; and  (ii) to distribute prizes to you.  (i) to allow you to easily share our content via social media platforms.  (j) Anti-cheat and anti-hacking technologies:  (i) to detect illegal or malicious activity in our Products.  (i) to provide certain in-game features and functionality.  (l) User Acquisition and Core / Custom / Lookalike Audiences:  (i) to acquire new users for our Products and help us build Core, Custom and Lookalike Audiences for analytics and marketing purposes.  We use the personal data we collect for the following purposes:  Your registration information enables us to provide you with access to our Products and to supply the Products. This is necessary for the purpose of performing the contract we have with you. It helps us to authenticate your access, to contact you for your views and to notify you of important changes or updates to our Products.  Where we have your consent and in accordance with your stated communication preferences, we may also contact you for marketing purposes to let you know by email, telephone, mobile or in-app messaging about our other products and services.  If you choose to sign-up for our Products using third party services such as your Facebook account, Facebook may share your personal data with us subject to Facebook's privacy policy and the privacy settings of your Facebook account.  This may also enable Facebook and us to link your activities with your personal registration information at their site, and may include notifying your friends about your activities whilst using our Products. If you sign-up via third party services you should visit the third party website and review their privacy policy and your registration profile or account to understand how your data is processed by them and to find out what your options are.  If you no longer want us to use your personal data in this way or generally change your mind about receiving marketing communications, you can unsubscribe at any time, either by using the unsubscribe option in the communication you receive or by changing your communication settings. By unsubscribing from marketing communications, you will be opted out of our e-mail/marketing tracking pixels. Please note that we will retain a record of the user information when you unsubscribe from our marketing information for the legitimate purpose of ensuring that we do not contact you further in this way, during the period of your objection, if relevant.  This information will enable us to verify your purchases with third party stores and to contact you in order to assist with resolving any problems with your purchases and to process any refund payments that you may be due.  We will also use and analyse information on transactions on your account for our legitimate interests by data matching or statistical analysis so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business and to help us detect and prevent fraud, or other illegal activities, or acts prohibited by our terms of service or any policies applicable to our Products.  (c) Technical and device information  We analyse information about how you engage with our Products to understand how our Products are used and to provide you with an optimal gaming experience, such as by rolling out performance-optimising software updates for our Products.   We use anonymous data in order to analyse and produce statistics relating to the habits, usage patterns and demographics of users as a group or as individuals.  This allows us to deliver you personalised content, helps us understand the features of our Products that appeal to you and allows us to manage advertising, amongst other things.  When you interact with or visit our websites, we may automatically collect information about you such as the type of internet browser or mobile device you use, any website from which you have come to any of our Products and your IP address and your operating system, which are automatically recognised by our web server.  We use internet log files to monitor traffic on our Products, resolve technical problems and to detect and prevent fraud.  We use these technologies to provide us with information, such as when an email is opened, or to develop statistics on the effectiveness of advertising or marketing on our websites. In some cases, working with third-party partners, we use this information to send you ads for our Products based on your interests.  We also use technical and device information to operate and improve our Products, enable online matchmaking, facilitate sharing, measure our effectiveness, set up and maintain accounts, identify and fix errors and to help keep online content fair and safe and to resolve related disputes.  (d) Feedback / surveys / user research  We use your feedback to reply to your questions or queries, to provide customer support and resolve problems relating to any of our Products. We will also publish reviews that you submit to us for this purpose about our Products and will conduct analysis of feedback for the purpose of improving and developing our Products.  SEGA may also film and record these sessions so that we can observe your playing habits and record your feedback.  SEGA uses the information collected during surveys and user research sessions to help us to tailor and improve our Products.  SEGA may share data from user research sessions with certain third-party partners where there is a legitimate business requirement to do so. In such circumstances, your data will always be fully anonymised before it is shared.  We share information obtained from your use of our Products with third parties to provide you with an optimal experience, to facilitate use of our Products as advertised and to enable you to play our Products on various gaming platforms.  We also receive data about you and your use of Products from Platform Operators.  This data includes but is not limited to  (i) sales data so that we can track the sale and performance of our Products; and  (ii) gameplay data related to your interactions with our Products, including player performance statistics, in-game actions, character options and other similar in-game data which helps us to improve certain aspects and features within our Products.  We may use analytics technologies to link your online activities so that we can serve targeted ads.  Valve (the Platform Operator for the Steam digital download platform) may for example share pseudonymised Steam IDs with us to help optimise our offerings to you and to help us understand how you are using our Products. Again, if Valve shares this information with us it does so subject to its privacy policy, and the privacy settings of your Steam account.  We may also work with advertising networks that serve advertisements into our Products, or the websites and products of third parties. Some of those advertisements may be personalised to your interests based on your activity and technical information and/or use data contained within the cookies which are stored on your device, with your consent.  Certain Products are currently supported by third party advertising partners that serve advertisements (“Third Party Advertisers”), including behavioural, location or interest based advertising (“Interest Based Advertising”) within our Products. These Third Party Advertisers use technology to serve the advertisements and link to them directly into our Products.  They may automatically receive your device ID, IP address or geo-location data when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalise the advertising content you see. See also our Cookies Policy.  We may also bring you advertising content in certain Products, which you would traditionally see in a live game environment, for example perimeter advertising in a football game. For example, our Football Manager PC/Mac Product is currently supported by Bidstack, a platform that enables Third Party Advertisers to dynamically serve in-game native billboard advertising within video games.  We may also provide functionality within our Products which enables you to upload gameplay footage to YouTube. If you choose to use this feature, we will receive and store an authentication token from Google so that the feature will operate properly.  The use of this functionality is governed by YouTube’s Terms of Service: https://www.youtube.com/static?template=terms.  Further information about the protection of your privacy can be found in Google’s privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US. You can also view and modify your permissions via Google’s security settings: https://myaccount.google.com/permissions.  (f) Information from publicly available online sources  We will use and analyse this data for our legitimate interests so that we can collect information about how you use our Products, how you engage with our marketing campaigns and to gain an understanding of community sentiment about our Products.  We may use third party analytics providers who collect this data on our behalf.  Where possible, we will ensure that any personal data that is collected for these purposes is anonymised.  (g) Information about your use of our Products  This information enables us to track the performance of our Products, develop new Products and communicate with our Platform Operators and partners. It also enables us to better understand our users and improve our advertising, targeting and measurement systems. We will only provide tailored advertising where we have your consent. Any information we use to inform and enhance our business strategies is fully anonymised.  SEGA collects and processes this data for the purposes of running and monitoring the competition, as well as for carrying out publicity activities relating to the competition.  Your personal data will be retained by SEGA for the duration of the competition and for a period after this time as necessary to deliver the prizes (if applicable).  Once your data has been shared with the social media platform (acting as a joint controller of your data), your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the relevant platform. More information about their privacy practices can be found at the following links:  (j) Anti-cheat and anti-hacking technologies  SEGA may utilise anti-cheat and/or anti-hacking technologies to help us to detect illegal or malicious activity and to take the appropriate actions if such activity is detected.  The anti-cheat/hacking technologies within your Product may require you to download certain data to your device. If you disable or otherwise tamper with these technologies, the Product may not operate properly and you will be in breach of the applicable end user license agreement  If you play a Product that utilises LiveOps software, that third party software will collect certain personal data about you as required by that service. This personal data will be processed and stored in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy (as notified to you before your data is collected, most commonly when the Product first launches).  (l) User Acquisition and Core / Custom / Lookalike Audiences  We use various forms of marketing to acquire new users for our Products, working with a variety of third party partners to deliver our marketing campaigns and serve advertisements on external websites and social media platforms. As part of this, we may share certain data with our user acquisition partners.  If you have consented to this type of marketing, you will receive targeted ads when you use the internet or play our Products (our Custom Audience).  Other users of those platforms who share similar interests to you may also receive targeted ads about our Products (our Lookalike Audience). Other users may receive ads about our Products depending on their age, location, gender and language (our Core Audience).  Further information about the protection of your privacy can be found in the relevant partner’s privacy policy. You can disable the Custom Audience remarketing functions in the settings for advertisements:  You will need to log in to the social platform to administer your advertising preferences.  We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have a lawful basis. As stated throughout this Privacy Policy, our lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent to, say, receive updates and marketing emails), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to supply the Products you have requested)) and “legitimate interests”.  3. When we share information  We may share the information we collect about you (subject to the necessary security, contractual and transfer safeguards).  These are some of the partners we may share your personal data with:  (a) SEGA companies within the wider SEGA group;  (b) Third party platform operators such as Valve who operate the Steam digital download platform, Epic, Apple, Google Play, Sony PlayStation, Nintendo, Microsoft Xbox, and other partners who carry out various activities and services to support our Products (collectively, the “Platform Operators”);  (c) Marketing partners for marketing or promotions such as Mailchimp, based on your communication preferences;  (d) New owners or re-organised entities and their advisors in the event of a business restructure, sale, purchase or joint venture affecting our business; and  (e) Law enforcement agencies/authorities, when we are under a duty or are authorised by law for law enforcement purposes.  Your personal data may be transferred to other countries where SEGA or its service providers maintain operations. These countries may not have equivalent data protection laws to the country from where you access our Products, but we will ensure that we rely on appropriate safeguards.  In delivering our Products to you, we may share your personal data with:  Companies within the SEGA group (which means SEGA Entities which are our parent and affiliated companies, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries and affiliates) who act for us for the purposes set out in this policy.  Third parties in order to undertake various activities or services on our behalf in supporting our Products. This includes payment processing providers facilitating credit and payment card transactions, website and application support and hosting providers for online videogame services and software downloads and providers for the delivery of promotional, digital advertising or other communications, such as MailChimp.  If our business enters into a joint venture, purchases or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed or transferred to the target company, or new business partners or owners or their advisors.  We may use the information that you provide if we are under a duty to disclose or share your information in order to comply with (and/or where we believe we are under a duty to comply with) any legal obligation; or to enforce the relevant terms of service and any other agreement; or to protect our rights or the rights of third parties. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations such as credit agencies, law enforcement or government bodies or the courts in connection with a criminal investigation, suspected illegal activity, fraud prevention and detection or in legal proceedings.  Personal data may be transferred to other countries where SEGA or its service providers maintain operations. These countries may not have equivalent data protection laws to the country from where you access our Products or, in the case of transfers subject to European law, may not be subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission (EC).   An adequacy decision is a decision taken by the EC establishing that a third country provides a comparable level of protection of personal data to that in the EU, through its domestic law or its international commitments.  Where SEGA transfers personal data it will seek to take account of any applicable legal obligations relevant to personal data transfers.  In the case of transfers of personal data out of the European Economic Area,  it will, in the absence of an EC adequacy decision relevant to the destination country, seek to rely on appropriate safeguards such as the EC approved standard contractual clauses relevant to personal data transfers between data controllers or between a data controller and a data processor (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-transfers/transfer/index_en.htm).  4. Security and data retention  Your privacy is important to us and we place great importance on the steps we take, including technical and organisational measures to protect your information from unauthorised access and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage.  Your personal data will be kept by SEGA for the duration of your relationship with us and for as long as you use our Products and may be retained for a period after this time if it is necessary and relevant to our legitimate operations, our terms with you and in accordance with applicable laws.  We place great importance on the steps we take, including physical, technical and organisational measures, to protect your information from unauthorised access and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage.  Where you have chosen a password which allows you to access any of our Products, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We advise you not to share your password with anyone. We will not be liable for any unauthorised transactions entered into using your personal data, including but not limited to your username, and/or password. If you suspect unauthorised access, you should change your password, using a strong password immediately.  Your personal data will be retained by us for the duration of your use or access to our Products and may be retained for a period after this time as necessary and relevant to our legitimate operations, our terms with you and in accordance with applicable laws and obligations. This may include retention necessary to meet our tax reporting requirements as well as time required to enforce any obligations in our agreements, any game “sun-setting” requirements or to identify, issue or resolve legal proceedings.  We may retain a record of your stated objection to the processing of your data, including in respect of an objection to receiving marketing communications, for the sole purpose of ensuring that we can continue to respect your wishes to not contact you further, during the term of your objection.  We will take appropriate steps to seek to destroy or permanently de-identify personal data at the point this information is no longer needed by us for our business or legal purposes.  For more information about exercising your rights with respect to our data processing activities, or if you no longer wish to use our Products, see details below about your choices and rights.  5. Your choices and rights  You have options and choices over how we use your personal data. You may be required to register or sign in to use or access some of our Products, and may need to provide personal data to create a user profile which is associated with your use of our Products.  If you wish to amend the personal data that you use to access our Products or would like us to correct, erase, restrict, object to, or move your personal data, you can contact us using the details below. If you do not want us to process and/or access your personal data, you may be unable to use some of our Products.  By email at:                  help@sega.co.uk  By telephone on:          +44 845 301 5502  By writing to us at:  If you sign up to our marketing communications, you will be asked to confirm your communication preferences and will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe at any time.  You have options and choices over how we use your information. We provide you with tools to access and update specific information relating to your use of our Products at any time. If you need to sign in to access certain Products, you can update and amend your key contact information directly.  We respect the rights you may have under applicable law to request access to your personal data and where applicable, to request to receive that information in a commonly used electronic format (or ask for this information to be provided in that format to a third party where feasible). You may also have the right under applicable law to request the correction or erasure of your personal data, to seek to object to the further processing under certain circumstances of your information or to request that the processing of specific information about you is restricted while we verify or investigate your concerns about this information.  If you remain unhappy with a response you receive, you can also refer the matter to your data protection supervisory authority (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm).  Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important to SEGA. For that reason, SEGA does not knowingly collect or maintain personal data or non-personally identifiable information from users under 13 years of age, other than as permitted by law in support of our internal operations.  If SEGA learns that personal data of users under the age of 13 has been collected, other than for support of our internal operations, SEGA will take reasonable steps to remove such information. If you believe that we may have unintentionally collected personal data about your child who is under 13 years of age, you may contact us using the details provided below.  The California Consumer Privacy Act 2018 (the “CCPA”) and California's Shine the Light law provides Californian residents with certain rights regarding the processing of their personal data.  Our customers who are residents of California have the following rights under the CCPA:  (a) The right to request the deletion of their personal data;  (b) With respect to the collection of personal data, the right to request, not more than twice in any twelve (12) month period, the following: (i) the categories of personal data we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources from which the personal data is collected; (iii) the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal data; (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we share your personal data; and (v) the specific pieces of personal data we have collected about you;  (c) With respect to the sale and/or disclosure of personal data, the right to request, not more than twice in any twelve (12) month period, the following: (i) the categories of personal data that we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of your personal data that we have sold and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal data for each third party to whom the personal data was sold; and (iii) the categories of personal data that we have disclosed about you for a business purpose;  (d) The right to opt-out of the sale of your personal data; and  (e) The right to not be discriminated against for exercising any of the above described rights.  To exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, you can contact us, providing your name, email, and street address. We may ask you for other information to verify your identity. Any information we receive from you to verify your identity will solely be used for such verification purposes.  The California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (“Shine the Light”) permits our customers who are Californian residents to request, once per calendar year, the following information from us: (i) a list of the kinds of personal data that we have disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year; and (ii) the names and addresses of all of the third parties that received your personal data from us for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. For inquiries regarding our disclosure policy, please contact us as described below in Section 8 “Your questions and how to contact us”. Requests must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and should include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code.  8. Your questions and how to contact us  If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy you can contact us.  If you have any questions or comments about this policy or our practices you can contact us:  By email at:                  help@sega.co.uk  By telephone on:          +44 845 301 5502  By writing to us at:  You can also contact our data protection officer at dpo@sega.co.uk.  SEGA Europe Ltd Modern Slavery Statement  ©SEGA. All Rights Reserved. SEGA, the SEGA logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of SEGA CORPORATION or its affiliates. SEGA is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. All other trademarks, logos and copyrights are property of their respective owners. SEGA video games for PlayStation®3 computer entertainment system, PS® Vita System, PlayStation®Network, PSP® (PlayStation®Portable) system, PC, PC Download, Xbox 360®, Xbox LIVE®, Kinect™ for Xbox 360®, iPhone® & iPod touch®, iPad®, Android™, Apple Mac®, Apple Mac® Download, Nintendo DS™, Nintendo 3DS™, Wii U™, Wii™ and WiiWare™. Nintendo properties are trademarks of Nintendo. © 2015 Nintendo. KINECT, Xbox, Xbox 360, Xbox LIVE, and the Xbox logos are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies and are used under license from Microsoft. 2", "PlayStation", "À" and "PS3" are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sony Computer Entertainment Inc. "Ã" is a trademark of the same company. All rights reserved.  Check out the latest mobile games.  A blog about the latest mobile games.  Cookie ControlYour choice regarding cookies on this site.Cookies served by us and our third-party partners help us to deliver our services, provide you with a personalised experience on our websites and support our marketing campaigns. You can manage your cookie preferences using the Civic cookies tool, or read more about our use of cookies at Cookie Policy.We have recently updated our Privacy Policy. To review the latest version, please click here.Accept AllI Do Not AcceptCookie PreferencesCookie Control Close Icon