Webgains Personal Data Protection Policy | WEBGAINS  ACCELERATE 2021 OUT NOW |  WATCH OUR ECOMMERCE AND AFFILIATE MARKETING WEB SERIES ON DEMAND  Do you want to join as an Advertiser or a Publisher?  Already on Webgains? Log in here.  Are you an Advertiser, Publisher or an Agency?  Log in as an Agency  Or enter the Webgains Academy here  Join our Hi-Performance Marketing Network  Talk to one of our friendly team members...  Please CLICK HERE to Start a Program  Or you can drop us an email at sales@webgains.com  You can request a call with one of our team by booking in a time slot below.  Webgains Personal Data Protection Policy  Personal data are data on the personal or material circumstances of an identified or identifiable individual natural person (“User”), such as their true name, address, age, e-mail address, telephone number or information on specific preferences, likes etc. On the other hand, information that cannot be associated with User’s genuine identity are not considered personal data: this includes, for example, the number of users of our website or comparable, summarized information. Personal data are protected by the data protection directives and regulations  of the EU and, regarding each Webgains business, by the national regulations of the countries where such business is located (for example in the United States of America, CAN-SPAM Act of 2003).  Webgains observes these regulations and thus respects the individual‘s right of personality and his/her right to protection of privacy. Webgains wants to justify the confidence the users have in its online services and makes the ascertainment, processing and use of personal data transparent for its Users by giving them the following information.  Whilst visiting our website(s), You can visit our website without providing personal information.  As a standard procedure, our web servers temporarily record the connection data of the enquiring computer, which of our websites you visit, the date and duration of the visit, the identification data of the browser and operating system used as well as the website from which you reach us. We may use tracking software to determine the frequency of use and the number of users of our website. This software is not used to collect personal data or IP addresses. The data is used exclusively in anonymous and summarized form for statistical purposes and for the development of the website.No other personal data – such as your name, your address, your telephone number or e-mail address – is collected, unless you provide this information voluntarily, e.g. within the scope of a survey or for the performance of an information enquiry, or by filling a contact form. We also collect further personal data if you conclude a contract with us and register via our website in this respect or in connection with any such contract. The personal data collected in this context can be seen from the registration form that we provide via our website.  Whilst interacting with an advertisement managed by us.  In advertising contacts with the User (e. g. the flashing of marquees on a website) Webgains does not automatically collect or process any personal data. Only non-personal data – such as information on the server via which the User has logged on to the Internet, the browser which is used and if the User clicks on the marquee – all this is recorded anonymously. Webgains collects and processes personal data through various means of advertising (pop-ups, pop-unders, banners). The extent and the kind of data depend on the information which the User enters on a voluntary basis by filling in the respective input fields and transmits to Webgains by sending off this information. Webgains will process and use the personal data on the User which they have collected to fulfil their obligations towards the User, to such an extent which is necessary for this purpose.  If, in collecting, processing and using the Users’ personal data, Webgains pursue any purposes beyond the implementation of the above obligations, this will only be done on the basis of an approval expressly declared by the User, and only to the extent specified in this approval. Such purposes are mainly marketing-oriented and include, among other things, the use of the collected data for market research, the soliciting of customers, sending commercial emails, product information or service development.  In this process, Webgains deploys various techniques to make reasonably sure that the User, and not somebody else, enter the Users’ data and grants Webgains the permission to use them. The User can withdraw his/her consent or part of it at any time, using the same means by which he/she has given this consent (for example, by clicking on the link of the bottom of a commercial email).  Webgains also collects, process and uses personal data on behalf of business partners (e. g. website carriers, advertising customers, agencies), for example for the purpose of generating addresses for a newsletter subscription, product information, orders etc. If any data are collected by Webgains on behalf of any third party, the cooperation partner will be clearly identifiable at any time and is the owner of the collected personal data. In this case, the User can enforce his/her rights exclusively against the cooperation partner of Webgains, as Webgains will act as a simple technical supplier. If Webgains collect any personal data on behalf of any business partners and process and use these data, the business partner shall be responsible for the observance of data protection regulations. In this case, Webgains shall not assume any liability towards the User for the observance of data protection provisions on part of their business partners. No rights or obligations for Webgains shall result from any contracts or non contractual relationships into which the User might enter with a business partner. Webgains cannot exercise any influence on such contracts, neither directly nor indirectly. In this case, Webgains are bound by the instructions of their business partner, however Webgains does not cooperate with such business partners who Webgains  knows to be in breach of data protection regulations.  Webgains uses cookies to optimise the use of the Internet for their Users by a reduced repetition of advertising and an increased share of relevant content. For cookies, please see our cookie policy in the “WEBGAINS COOKIES” section below.  Webgains is bound by law to take the technical and organisational measures which are necessary to guarantee the protection of the personal data, i. e. in particular to protect these data from unauthorized access and unauthorized processing. All data processing programs and facilities have password protection and operate using encoding technology which is present state of the art.  If Webgains use any external server or service provider for the storage of the User data, Webgains will make sure that they are committed to at least the same data protection standard as Webgains themselves. The employees of Webgains are obligated to preserve data secrecy and data protection. This obligation includes, among other things, the fact that the employees may only process and use the personal data to such an extent which is necessary within the scope of contractual or quasi-contractual relationships, or in so far as the User has given his consent to the use of his/her data for the respective purposes. Any personal data which are no longer needed for the fulfilment of contractual obligations by Webgains and/or for the processing and use of which there is no (more) consent from User, will be deleted in such a way that any abuse can be ruled out. In certain cases prescribed by law (e.g. statutory periods of keeping), Users’ data can be archived and/or anonymised instead of being deleted.  If you have any questions about our data protection policy or would like to exercise your right to information, deletion or blocking, please get in touch with our designated data protection contact, Dr Stefan Drewes, at: data-privacy@webgains.com.  Our Data Processing Agreement, which is a requirement for all Merchants wishing to work with Webgains, can be viewed here.  A HTTP cookie (usually just called a cookie) is a small amount of data sent from us to your web browser. Each time you visit us, your web browser sends us back this text. To find out more about cookies, please visit www.aboutcookies.org  As a performance marketing network our job is to ensure that a website (called a publisher) that sends a customer to another website (called an advertiser) is rewarded for a successful referral. A publisher might be a voucher download site, a cashback reward site, a blog or any other website.  This reward process is enabled by using cookies which recognise if you were referred to an advertiser by one of our publishers. Our cookies contain no personally identifiable information.  A large part of the reason why so much is “free” on the internet is because websites can make money through advertising rather than charging you. Being rewarded for referrals is one of the great advances that internet commerce has enabled and we believe is far preferable to forcing people to pay for services.  However, we fully respect your choice as an individual, if you prefer not to enjoy these benefits, we do not want to intrude on your privacy and provide full information on how to delete our cookies.  As well as using cookies for reward purposes, our web site also uses essential and non-essential cookies to remember your preferences, improve your experience on our site and analyse how you use it (full details below).  Essential cookies are required so our web site functions correctly, but you can manage your non-essential cookie preferences at any time here or by clicking on the ‘Cookie management’ link in the footer of any page.  Here is a list of all the cookies Webgains sets along with their purpose:  Cookie associated with sites using CloudFlare, used to speed up page load times.  Google reCAPTCHA – you can find more information here :https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies  Google reCAPTCHA – you can find more information here :https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies  Google reCAPTCHA – you can find more information here :https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies  Google reCAPTCHA – you can find more information here :https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies  Google reCAPTCHA – you can find more information here :https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies  Session id is stored to enables users to navigate and use the site.  Storing your cookie consent preferences.  Remembering your language selection while you navigate the site.  The Webgains Twitter feed on the home page.  To verify you’re not a robot.  Session id used for WordPress to enables users to navigate and use the site.  To verify you’re not a robot.  Facebook Pixel. You can find more information here: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/  Facebook page event. You can find more information here: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/  Google Analytics tracking code – Used to distinguish users. You can find more information here:https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies  Google Analytics tracking code – Used to distinguish users. You can find more information here:https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies  Googe Anlatyics tracking code. You can find more information here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies  What we use it for  What we store in it  Used to remember that you viewed or clicked on an ad during your current browser session  id # of the ad you clicked on  Any reference the website appends to the click  The page referer of where you clicked from  The url the click led to expiry time of the relationship  Between the web site and the merchant  When you close your browser  Used to deduplicate clicks from the same source  When you close your browser  Used to remember that you clicked on a link in our network  id # of the ad you clicked on  Any reference the website appends to the click  The page referer of where you clicked from  The url the click led to  Expiry time of the relationship between the website and the merchant  When you close your browser  Used to recognise that you viewed an advert on our network  id # of the ad you viewed  Any reference the website appends  Where you viewed the ad  The page referer of where you viewed the ad from  Expiry time of the relationship between  The website and the merchant  If the cookie is already present (consent was given in previous interaction), next time the user will not be seeing a landing page and will be redirected to the advertisers’ website automatically  The date/time the cookie was created (UNIX timestamp format)  HOW YOU CAN REMOVE WEBGAINS COOKIES  Please note that if you do decide to delete our cookies you may end up paying more for the goods & services you buy and/or not receive any cashback or discount due to you.  You can remove all our tracking cookies by deleting all cookies set from track.webgains.com.  You can manage your non tracking cookies preferences at any time here or by clicking on the ‘Cookie management’ link in the footer of any page.  You can remove all our non tracking cookies by deleting all cookies from any webgains domain eg, webgains.com, webgains.de, webgains.es etc.  If you need instructions on how to delete cookies from your browser, please visit this page (How to delete cookies)  To view and delete flash cookies, please visit this page  CountriesWe generate sales across the globe  Tel: +44 (0)20 7509 6393  Part of ad pepper media GmbH  General tax number: 241 / 116 / 04815  VAT number: : DE 812448930  Register court: HRB 16494 · Lower District Court Nuremberg  Check out our event schedule  Join our newsletter to stay ahead of the game  Copy about agreeing etc ...  © 2017-2021 Webgains. All right reserved  We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and analyse how you use it. If you are happy for us to collect information on you through the use of essential and non-essential cookies, then ‘Accept all’. Alternatively, you can choose to set your preferences for non-essential cookies and read more about what we use these cookies for by clicking ‘Manage’.You can also find out more in our privacy policy, and manage your preferences at any time by clicking on ‘Cookie management’ at the bottom of the page.  Usercentrics Consent Management Platform Logo