Legal, Compliance and Privacy Information - Citrix  Would you like to visit our UK site www.citrix.co.uk?  Yes | No thanks. Do not ask me again.  This site uses cookies and related technologies, as described in our privacy policy, for purposes that may include site operation, analytics, enhanced user experience, or advertising. You may choose to consent to our use of these technologies, or manage your own preferences.  Manage Settings Accept Decline All  Secure Access Service Edge (SASE)  Citrix Virtual Apps and Desktops  On the Citrix online store, you can buy Citrix Workspace, App Delivery & Security products, or learn about our products, subscriptions and request a quote.  Citrix Workspace app is the easy-to-install client software that provides seamless secure access to everything you need to get work done.  Forrester Report – New Tech: Zero Trust Network Access, Q2 2021  Empower every worker with one intelligent, flexible workspace.  Get expert guidance, resources, and step-by-step instructions to navigate your path to the cloud.  Learn about cloud planning, deployment, and management so you can get the most from your Citrix Cloud services.  Lessons for the C-Suite from the next generation of leaders.   Locate a Citrix Partner  EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA  Access to Legal, Compliance and Privacy Information  Citrix deems privacy a central issue of Internet use. Read the Citrix privacy statement for details.  Please review these notices, terms and conditions concerning your use of the Web Site. By accessing, using or downloading any materials from the Web Site, you agree to follow and be bound by these notices, terms and conditions.  Our Code of Business Conduct sets the standards of conduct for those working for or on behalf of Citrix.  The Modern Slavery Act Statement constitutes our stand on slavery and human trafficking.  These guidelines are to help you identify the correct form for Citrix’s trademarks, properly give trademark notice using the symbols ™ and ®, and appropriately attribute Citrix’s trademarks with an attribution statement. These guidelines are also designed to answer commonly asked questions about the correct use of Citrix’s trademarks.  Information about a non-disclosure agreement for customers or marketing partners of Citrix.  Download the tax forms needed to do business with Citrix.  A comprehensive list of Citrix patents and corresponding Citrix products and services in accordance with the virtual patent marking provisions of the America Invents Act.  These guidelines are intended for law enforcement authorities seeking information or data from Citrix.  Do Not Sell My Personal Information  XenApp, XenDesktop, XenMobile and XenServer are part of the Xen® family of products.  © 1999-2021 Citrix Systems, Inc. All rights reserved.