Privacy-Policy - Daily Post Nigeria  NewsEvans loses N200m suit against police in courtCourt restrains Dantata, Northern Club from organizing 2021 Polo Game in KanoFG committed to conducive workplace for immigration officials – Interior Minister, AregbesolaCall off strike for masses’ sake – Ooni’s wife begs resident doctorsFood scarcity: Support farmers with loans, farm implements to avert famine – Oyo lawmakers tell Makinde  PoliticsAPC crisis: Those fighting Buni-led CECPC are chasing shadow – Ex-Imo Commissioner, Vitalis AjumbeKaduna court vacates order seeking to disqualify PDP candidate in Lere bye-electionYouths will occupy 30 percent of my cabinet if reelected – Gov Oyetola promisesMakinde’s inordinate ambition made Oyo forfeit N26bn World Bank project – AD chieftain, AlaoAPC: I had no hand in crisis that consumed you – Keyamo fires back at Oshiomhole  MetroTaraba boat mishap: Bodies of 3 victims recoveredWe are trailing abductors of nursing mother, infant in Zamfara – PoliceThree arrested for allegedly looting warehouse in Ogun26-year-old remanded for defiling 11-year-old girlMan sent to prison for allegedly defiling 4 daughters  EntertainmentBBNaija: Head of House can drive people crazy – Fmr housemate, Mike mocks PereNollywood actor, Stanley Okoro is deadBBNaija: Why I don’t want to be teammates with Maria again – WhitemoneyBBNaija: Why I may not have sex with Michael – Jackie BBBNaija: I’m sexually attracted to Cross – Angel reveals  SportEPL: Why we brought Lukaku back to Chelsea – Club’s director, Marina GranovskaiaEPL: Harry Maguire names Man United’s biggest title rivals this seasonEPL: Why I returned to Chelsea – LukakuChelsea vs Crystal Palace: Lukaku to miss EPL openerEPL: Keane, Carragher slam Arsenal for signing rejected Chelsea players  DailyPost may collect information from our users at several different points on the site. Daily Post Media Limited is the sole owner of the information collected on dailypost.ng  DailyPost users can choose to write comments or posts on the site. To leave a comment, users must submit information including a valid email address. DailyPost uses this information to screen out users who leave comments prohibited by our terms and conditions of use, and will not pass this information to any other organization.  DailyPost offers email newsletters. To sign up to receive regular emails, users must submit information including a valid email address. This information will be used in aggregate form to assess general user interest in various internal and third party products and services, and your personal and contact information will not be passed to any other organization. Users who choose to sign up for a mailing list will receive regular emails, including new articles added to the site.  Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. These include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks.  We use this information to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. We may use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement.  Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, DailyPost may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process.  In the event DailyPost goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of a portion of its assets, users’ personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.  DailyPost contains links to other sites. Please be aware that DailyPost is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by DailyPost.  The ads appearing on this Web site are delivered to users by Google, among other services. Information about users’ visit to this site, such as number of times they have viewed an ad (but not username, date of birth, or any other personal information), is used to serve ads to users on this site.  Cookie Policy for Daily Post Nigeria  As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.  We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.  You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.  This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.  When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.  In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.  In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.  This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.  For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.  Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.  From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.  The Google AdSense service we use to serve advertising uses a DoubleClick cookie to serve more relevant ads across the web and limit the number of times that a given ad is shown to you.  For more information on Google AdSense see the official Google AdSense privacy FAQ.  We use adverts to offset the costs of running this site and provide funding for further development. The behavioural advertising cookies used by this site are designed to ensure that we provide you with the most relevant adverts where possible by anonymously tracking your interests and presenting similar things that may be of interest.  Several partners advertise on our behalf and affiliate tracking cookies simply allow us to see if our customers have come to the site through one of our partner sites so that we can credit them appropriately and where applicable allow our affiliate partners to provide any bonus that they may provide you for making a purchase.  We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; {List the social networks whose features you have integrated with your site?:12}, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.  If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, cookies please send an email to box@dailpost.ng .  Copyright © Daily Post Media Ltd