Use of cookies on this website | About the Council | Hampshire County Council  Adult social care & health  Things to do in Hampshire  Take part and have your say  Search Hantsweb services and sites  In line with the Government’s roadmap out of lockdown, restrictions have now been eased. Visit our COVID-19 webpages for the latest updates, more information, and to access the current guidance.  Hampshire County Council privacy notice  Use of cookies on this website  Learn more about the cookies that Hampshire County Council put on your device  When we provide services we want to make them easy, useful and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, we sometimes place small files on your device to help us achieve these goals. These files are commonly known as cookies.  Cookies help to improve your experience on the site but can't be used to identify you personally.  enable a service to recognise your device so you don’t have to give the same information several times during one task  recognise that you may already have given a username and password so you don’t need to do it for every web page requested  measure how many people are using our services so they can be improved  We have split our cookies into three groups.  Essential cookies are required to make our website work. They enable core functionality such as navigating our pages, accessing secure areas and protecting us from attack, robots and spam.  We can’t offer an opt-out as without them the site won’t work. These cookies can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.  Server and Content Management System cookies  Cookie generated by the CMS on hants.gov.uk  Sitecore Analytics and Sitecore Experience Platform  We use Sitecore Analytics and the Sitecore Experience Platform to deliver time and context based service information using rules. We also use Sitecore Experience Platform to provide some forms on the website. This also lets us assess the performance of web pages, show personalised content and test different versions of pages (multivariate testing).  When you sign in to your account on our website, these cookies are set to let us know you are signed in.  ForgeRock OpenAm load-balancing cookie (after sign in)  ForgeRock OpenAm session cookie (after sign in)  ASP.NET authentication cookie - local Sitecore ID  URL to redirect to after successful sign in  Performance cookies help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage. If you opt-out of performance cookies on our website, then videos will not play.  We use Google Analytics software (Universal Analytics) to collect anonymised information about how you use hants.gov.uk. We do this to help make sure the site is meeting the needs of its users and to help us make improvements.  We do not allow Google to use or share the data about how you use this site.  Google Analytics stores information about:  how you got to the site  the pages you visit on hants.gov.uk and how long you spend on them  what you click on while you’re visiting the site  You can opt-out of Google Analytics tracking across the whole web by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser extension.  Find out more about how Google uses your browsing data.  Used to throttle GTM request rate  Contains a token that can be used to retrieve a Client ID from AMP Client ID service  30 seconds to 1 year  Contains campaign related information for the user  Used for session state management  YouTube may set their own cookies on pages that contain video content. Cookies from services like this are known as third-party cookies. YouTube will set up to four cookies in your browser when you first load a page containing embedded YouTube content.  Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos  Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen  Registers a unique ID that is used by Google to keep statistics of how the visitor uses YouTube videos across different websites  Registers a unique ID on mobile devices to enable tracking based on geographical GPS location  If you share a link to a hants.gov.uk page, the service you share it on (for example, Facebook) may set cookies. We have no control over cookies set on other websites. You can turn them off, but not through us.  We use third party cookies on our site to serve you with advertisements we believe are relevant to you and your interests.  We use Facebook Pixel to create custom audiences for our Facebook advertising campaigns. Facebook Pixel lets Facebook connect your activity on this site to your Facebook account for advertising purposes, but it does not give Facebook access to any personal data you submit to us via hants.gov.uk.  Encrypted Facebook ID and Browser ID used to deliver advertising products  Used by Facebook to deliver advertising products including remarketing and custom audiences  Hampshire County Council use Google Ads to promote choose-to-use services and deliver public information campaigns.  Set by DoubleClick to aid in ad serving  Set by DoubleClick. Contains information about advertising you may have seen before arriving on this website  Set by Google. Stores information about how you use our website and advertising that you may have seen before arriving.  How to change your cookie settings  You can change your cookie preferences on our website at any time. Press the Cookie control icon at the bottom of your screen. This will open the Cookie preferences panel, and you can use the toggles to change your preferences. When you press Save and close, your choice will apply instantly.  Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.  Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:  To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer's website.  Find out how opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites.  Where to find further information and guidance  Visit the Information Commissioners Office website to find out more about cookies and the rules organisations must follow when handling your personal data.  Things to do in Hampshire  The Castle Winchester SO23 8UJ  Cookie Control IconCookie Control Close IconCookie preferencesWe and our partners use technologies such as cookies on our site to enhance your user experience, personalise content and advertisements, provide social media features, and analyse our traffic. Accept the recommended settings to consent to the use of this technology on our site. To change your consent choices at any time please use the toggles below.For further details, see our  Cookie PolicyCookie Control Link IconAccept recommended settingsEssential cookiesEssential cookies enable core functionality such as page navigation and access to secure areas. The website cannot function properly without these cookies; they can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.Performance cookiesPerformance cookies help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage (for example, which of our pages are most frequently visited).Performance cookiesOnOffMarketing cookiesWe use third party cookies on our site to serve you with advertisements that we believe are relevant to you and your interests. You may see these advertisements on our site and on other sites that you visit.Marketing cookiesOnOffSave and close