PRIVACY NOTICE | Kelsey Media
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn moreGot it!
Kelsey Media
Kelsey Media
Menu
Home
Brands
Kelsey Shop
Advertise
Careers
News
About us
Contact
Affiliates
Close
Our Brands
Classic & Prestige Cars
Farming, Fisheries & Smallholding
Healthy Active Living
Hobbies
Performance & Modified Cars
Technology
Transport & Machinery
PRIVACY NOTICE
Last updated 01/06/2021
INTRODUCTION
Kelsey Media is one of the fastest growing media businesses in the UK. Founded more than 25 years ago, the independently owned publisher has rapidly grown from a traditional print publisher into a pioneering media network that reaches millions of people every day in ways that are relevant to them. At last count, Kelsey Media’s portfolio consisted of more than 60 multi-media brands.
This Privacy Notice explains how Kelsey endeavours to collect and look after your personal information in accordance with UK GDPR and other relevant legislation.  It tells you about your choices about how we use your personal information.
Data Protection is an integral part of our business practices and Kelsey (‘we’, ‘us’) is committed to protecting your personal information, whether you are a business contact; a customer or prospect interested in our services; an employee or freelancer or a supplier.
Kelsey Media Ltd is a trading name of Kelsey Publishing. Our registered address is The Granary, Downs Court, Yalding Hill, Yalding, Kent, ME18 6AL. Our company registration number is 05822990.
In addition to this Notice, there may be privacy provisions which are specific to our relationship with you, for example for employees, freelancers and contractors.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any queries about this privacy notice you can contact us in the following ways:
By telephone:  01595 541 444
By post:  Kelsey Media, The Granary, Downs Court, Yalding Hill, Yalding, ME18 6AL
By email:  privacy@kelsey.co.uk
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We routinely collect your personal information directly from you in the following circumstances:
When you buy a magazine, buy event tickets, order products, take up a reader offer, sign up to our services, such as our, websites and mobile applications, regular newsletters or enter competitions.
This could include information such as, your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone or mobile number, and any specific requests, events, titles etc that you may have purchased or enquired about.   Different services may ask for different types of necessary information.
If you are aged 16 or under, you must get your parent/guardian’s permission before you provide us with your personal information. Unless you have this consent, you are not allowed to give us your information.
Our business customers and partners
When you enquire or request a service directly from us in a business capacity. This would be information such as, your name, job title, company and contact details, including your preferred email address and telephone number.
When you engage as a freelancer or contributor with us. This would include name, contact details including preferred email address and telephone number.
When you submit a job application. This would include information such as your name, address and details of previous employment
When you enter into an arrangement to act as a supplier providing services to Kelsey. For example, we would hold records of your name, job title and work email address.
We may also collect personal information about business contacts from publicly available sources (such as LinkedIn or business websites) or via one of our sales houses.  This enables us to contact you about Kelsey and its offerings, where we feel there is a potential opportunity with us which may be relevant to you in your professional capacity.
The sales houses we work with include: Talk Media Sales, Tandem Media, TigerBee Media, Hill View Media Ltd and David Lane. The personal information we hold is limited to details such as name, job title, company and contact details, including your preferred email address and telephone number where supplied.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATON
The following table sets our purposes for collecting and holding your personal information. Under data protection law we are required to have a lawful basis for our processing activities, this is also indicated in this table.
Purpose
Lawful Basis
To fulfil a service enquiry service and/or deliver and administer service enquiries and delivery of Kelsey services and products
Performance of a Contract
To fulfil and administer registrations and sign ups, such as website and mobile applications, competition entries, event attendance, subscriptions or reader offers.
Performance of a contract
To send you our email newsletters
Consent
To send marketing communications to competition entrants, events attendees, newsletter subscribers, subscribers recruited via third party sales platforms
Consent
To send you direct mail or to contact you by telephone to promote our publications and services
Legitimate Interests
To contact you in your professional capacity about our advertising and marketing services
Legitimate Interests
To keep records of prospective, current and past clients and suppliers
Legitimate Interests
To send email or SMS marketing communications to our customers recruited through the Kelsey Shop.
Legitimate Interests (soft opt-in)
To create user/customer insights based on demographic segments to drive email direct marketing, social media retargeting and also carrying out market research and surveys
Legitimate Interests
To deliver tailored advertising to promote our publications and events (including via Facebook and other social media look alike and customer audiences)
Legitimate Interests
To ensure compliance with applicable laws and legal processes including, but not limited to, use in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, tax, investigative purposes
Legitimate Interests
To ensure compliance with applicable laws and legal processes including, but not limited to, use in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, tax, investigative purposes (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation and to law enforcement agencies).
Legal Obligation
Whenever we keep in touch via email, we include a pixel to let us know that you have received the email as well as to help us understand which content you find most interesting. You will always be provided with a clear opportunity to opt-out if you no longer wish to hear from us.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will not share any of your personal details with any other organisations for marketing purposes, without collecting your consent.
We utilise the services of other organisations who are contracted by us to fulfil our subscription services and / or to deliver products and services, including events as well as to manage our marketing communications programmes.  We have appropriate agreements in place with these external service providers to make sure your personal information is kept secure, and we only share the personal data necessary for the service they carry out.
Our own servers are kept in the UK however Kelsey Media uses service providers around the world. Therefore, your personal data may be processed in countries outside UK and EU including in countries where the local laws do not provide the same level of data protection as those in Europe.
Where this is the case, and where the transfer is to a country or territory that is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission, personal data is adequately protected by EU Commission-approved standard contractual clauses. If you have any questions about the standard contractual clauses, or would like to obtain a copy of them, please email us via the contact details given below.
Where necessary relevant personal data will be shared with credit reference agencies if Kelsey agrees to extend credit to a buyer or exhibitor.
In relation to Audit Bureau of Circulation Ltd (ABC), we are obliged to supply random subscription information to ensure that our magazine sales are legitimised.   Here is the link to ABC for information on their privacy notice – https://www.abc.org.uk/privacy-policy
It is possible we might have to disclose personal information if under a legal obligation to do so.
In the event that we sell any business assets, purchasers or prospective purchasers of all or part of our assets or our business, and their professional advisers, in connection with the purpose.
Otherwise, where we have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted to do so.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We will hold your personal information on our systems only for as long as required to provide you with the products and/or services you have requested.
Where you sign up to receive email marketing from us, we will retain your e-mail address after you ‘opt-out’ of receiving emails to ensure that we continue to honour and respect that request. To unsubscribe from marketing emails at any time, please click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any marketing email and update your account preferences. You may also contact us to inform us if you do not wish to receive any marketing materials from us.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Your Privacy Rights below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
If you would like to learn more about how we ensure we do not hold personal data for longer than is necessary, please contact us.
TELEPHONE CALL MONITORING
If you contact us by telephone, we may monitor or record the call for training purposes, and to improve the quality of services that we provide to you.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
When you visit our sites, or when you use our apps, we may collect personal data from you automatically using cookies or similar technologies. A cookie is a small file that can be placed on your device that allows us to recognise and remember you. Our cookie policy can be found here and includes details of our key advertising partners.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
Under data protection law you have the following rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you.  These are:
You can ask to receive a copy of the personal data we hold. This is commonly referred to as a Data Subject Access Request.  We may need to ask for further information to confirm your identity before responding.
You can request that we update or amend your personal information if it has changed or is incorrect.
You can request that your personal information is deleted from our systems. Please note, there may be circumstances in which we can legitimately retain your information, for example where we have a contractual arrangement with you and where we maintain a snippet of information on a suppression file to ensure that we don’t inadvertently contact you again with marketing messages.
In addition, there is the right to object to processing, the right to have your personal data transferred and the right to restrict processing, which apply in certain circumstances.
EXTERNAL LINKS
Please note that if you click on a link to go from our website to another website, or you request a service from another organisation, this Privacy Notice will no longer apply once you have left this website. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content or activities of these linked sites. However, we welcome any feedback about these linked sites via the contact details given below.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you would like to exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the details below:
By telephone:  01595 541 444
By post:  Kelsey Media, The Granary, Downs Court, Yalding Hill, Yalding, ME18 6AL
By email:
Privacy@kelsey.co.uk
If you have any concerns about the way in which we have collected and / or used your personal information, please contact us and we’ll do our best to allay any worries you may have.  If you’re unhappy with the way in which we have handled your personal information, you have the right to raise a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
Any changes we may make to this policy in the future will be updated on our website and, where appropriate, notified to you by email or otherwise. The policy was last updated on 1st June 2021
Event Terms & Conditions
Competition Terms & Conditions
COOKIE POLICY
PRIVACY NOTICE
Facebook
Twitter
© 2021 Kelsey Media Ltd. Kelsey Media Ltd, Registered No. 05822990, is a trading name of Kelsey Publishing, Registered No. 02387149.
TILT Digital Agency Kent Wordpress Developer