Privacy Policy | The Club | News | Arsenal.com
Skip to main content
Search
Open search
Toggle menu
Search
Open search
Arsenal Main Menu
This menu is keyboard accessible. To open a menu item's submenu, press the space bar. To close a submenu press the escape key.
News
MEN
WOMEN
ACADEMY
CLUB
Latest News
See Full List
Fixtures & Results
Fri Aug 13 - 20:00
Premier League
Brentford FC
v
Arsenal
Ticket Info
Sun Aug 8 - 14:00
The Mind Series
1
Tottenham Hotspur
0
Arsenal
See full list
Features
See Full List
More
Player Tweets
Video
Teams
MEN
WOMEN
ACADEMY
Goalkeepers
1 Bernd Leno
13 Alex Runarsson
33 Arthur Okonkwo
Defenders
2 Hector Bellerin
3 Kieran Tierney
4 Ben White
6 Gabriel
16 Rob Holding
17 Cedric Soares
20 Nuno Tavares
21 Calum Chambers
22 Pablo Mari
31 Sead Kolasinac
Midfielders
5 Thomas Partey
7 Bukayo Saka
10 Emile Smith Rowe
11 Lucas Torreira
15 Ainsley Maitland-Niles
23 Albert Sambi Lokonga
25 Mohamed Elneny
28 Joe Willock
34 Granit Xhaka
Forwards
9 Alexandre Lacazette
12 Willian
14 Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang
19 Nicolas Pepe
24 Reiss Nelson
26 Folarin Balogun
30 Eddie Nketiah
35 Gabriel Martinelli
More
News Archive
Table
Stats
Honours
Matches
MEN
WOMEN
ACADEMY
Fixtures
Fri Aug 13 - 20:00
Premier League
Brentford FC
v
Arsenal
Ticket Info
Sun Aug 22 - 16:30
Premier League
Arsenal
v
Chelsea
Ticket Info
See all fixtures
Results
Sun Aug 8 - 14:00
The Mind Series
1
Tottenham Hotspur
0
Arsenal
Sun Aug 1 - 15:00
The Mind Series
1
Arsenal
2
Chelsea
See all results
More
Calendar Import
Fixture Updates
Stats Centre
Tables
Men
Academy
Women
Tickets & Membership
MEN
WOMEN
ACADEMY
Ticket Info
Ticket Exchange
Domestic travel
European travel
Ticket categories/pricing
Hospitality
Disabled supporters
Overseas authorised agents
Arsenal Membership
Always be ahead of the game
Membership Info
All you need to know
Membership types
My Arsenal Rewards
Membership types
Red Membership
Junior Gunners
Cannon
Platinum
Purple
Member log in
History
Arsenal Eras
Laying the Foundations
Herbert Chapman
Post-War Arsenal
The Seventies
Graham's Glory Years
The Wenger Years
The Archive
The 100 Club
The managers
Arsenal Dream Team
On this day in...
The Wenger Years
Gunners' Greatest...
Greatest 50 Goals
Greatest 50 Players
Greatest 50 Moments
Heritage
Honours
Club records
Highbury
The Arsenal clock
The Arsenal crest
The Club
About Us
The Arsenal Way
The Arsenal Foundation
Community
Arsenal Women
Academy
Modern Slavery Statement
The Arsenal Board
Safeguarding
Arsenal Football Development
Contact
Contact us
Arsenal Football Club
Highbury House
75 Drayton Park
London, N5 1BU
Switchboard
020 7619 5003
Box office
boxoffice@arsenal.co.uk
Website feedback
Fill in our form
Emirates Stadium
Emirates Stadium tours
Get to Emirates Stadium
Disabled access
Meetings and events
More Emirates Stadium
Matchday Safety & Security
Around the Club
Our partners
Sustainability
North Bank Terrace
Celebration Corner
Arsenal publications
Arsenal jobs
Match Worn products
Fans
Wallpapers
Check out our exclusive Wallpapers for desktop and mobile today!
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Snapchat
Instagram
Dugout
Youtube
Weibo
We Chat
Twitch
TikTok
For the Fans
Official Apps & Games
Get to Emirates Stadium
Visiting supporter's guide (pdf)
Emirates Stadium tours
Fan's kit hub - win a bruised banana shirt!
Arsenal shopping
Your Arsenal pictures
Supporters
Arsenal Advisory Board
Arsenal Disabled Supporters Association
Arsenal Supporters Clubs
Arsenal Supporters Forum
Our Chinese site
Fans From Afar
Gay Gooners
USA & Canada fans section
Store
Kit
New Third Kit
Home kit
Away kit
New 21/22 training & travel ranges
New 21/22 pre-match range
Shop by player
Goalkeeper
Accessories
Collections
Summer Shop
Arsenal x adidas golf range
Retro & Bruised Banana
Babywear
Gifts & Accessories
Sale - up to 50% off
Men’s tops deals
Stadium Tours
Stadium Tours – kids go for £5
Visitor Information
Opening Hours
The Armoury Store - now open
Arsenal Main Utility Menu
Arsenal Women
Hospitality
Stadium Tours
Arsenal Direct
Junior Gunners
The Club
Privacy
Policy
Summary
The Arsenal Football Club Plc (‘Arsenal’) is committed to protecting your personal data and handling it responsibly.
This policy covers the personal data that Arsenal collects whenever you interact with us, including when you use our websites and apps, when you attend events at Emirates Stadium, and when you correspond with us (such as by email or over the phone).  It also covers personal data that we may receive from third parties.
The sections below explain in more detail:
the types of personal data we collect from you
the types of personal data we receive from third parties
why we process your personal data
who we share your personal data with
personal data transfers outside of the EEA
how long we retain your personal data
your rights to withdraw your consent and to object (including to direct marketing)
your other personal data rights
how to contact us and exercise your rights
If you would like to know how we collect information about your use of our websites, apps and social media sites, you can read our Cookies Policy here.
------
Personal data Arsenal collects from you
We collect personal data from your interactions with us, such as when you engage with our websites and apps, attend an event at Emirates Stadium, or when you email or phone us.
The personal data we collect from you includes:
the name and contact details that you provide when you register as a member with us
your payment and address details
your marketing preferences, including any consents you have given us
your browser or device information
information about your use of our websites and apps
your communications with us
information about your attendance at Arsenal events, such as matches, concerts and conferences held at Emirates Stadium.  Photos and video footage of you may be taken at these events
------
Personal data Arsenal receives from third parties
Sometimes we receive personal data from third parties, in particular:
our commercial partners provide us with your name and contact details if you’ve asked to receive information from Arsenal.  Click here to see a list of our current partners
ticketing providers and overseas ticketing agents let us know if you’ve purchased tickets to an event at Emirates Stadium
access control providers let us know if your tickets have been used at Emirates Stadium
online personalisation providers tell us how you engage with our websites and apps
data specialists provide us with insights about our supporters, based on their own aggregated data sets
if you register for Digital Membership using your social media account, the social media platform provides us with information that you have consented to share with us
government and law enforcement authorities provide us with personal identification and background information when they are involved in official inquiries
finance providers may inform us about a credit arrangement you have with them for Arsenal season tickets
agencies who partner with Arsenal in the Community may share information with us about participants that we refer to them
------
Why Arsenal processes your personal data
This section explains the reasons why we process your personal data and our legal bases for doing so.
Consent
If you’ve opted-in to receive information and offers relating to the Club and our commercial partners (for example by ticking a box on one of our websites or apps), then we’ll provide this information to you by email, text, or phone.  Click here for a list of our current partners.
We also rely on your consent to process information about your use of our websites, apps and social media sites, so that we can improve your browsing experience and deliver online advertising that is relevant to you (for more information, click here to see our Cookies Policy).
And occasionally we may rely on your consent to process health or other sensitive information.
Wherever we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have a right to withdraw that consent.  Click here for information on how to exercise your rights.
Legitimate interests
We process your personal data when necessary to pursue our legitimate interests in the following:
tailoring our websites and communications for you.  We collect information about your engagement with us online (such as pages that you have visited on our websites or apps) and combine that with aggregated insights we have about our supporter base, to build a fuller understanding of your individual preferences
monitoring, improving and protecting our products, content and services
monitoring and enforcing compliance with our ticketing terms and conditions and ground regulations
checking the credit or debit card details you provide (to process your payments and prevent fraudulent transactions)
sending you some types of direct marketing, including by email and post
responding to your comments or complaints
undertaking, or inviting you to take part in, market research
querying whether you have had an issue completing an online form
preventing, investigating and/or reporting fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime
to protect the security of our spectators, staff and other visitors to our sites; to enforce our ground regulations; and to help detect and prevent unlawful activity using, for example, incident reports and CCTV footage
managing legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative matters
processing job applications received through www.arsenaljobs.com
administering programmes run by us or our partner agencies that you have chosen to participate in
You have a right to object to any processing that we undertake for our legitimate interests. Click here for information on how to exercise your rights.
Contract
We process your personal data when necessary for contractual reasons, such as to administer your account registration and competition entries and to provide products and services that you have requested.
Legal obligation
We are legally required to process your personal data in cases where we need to:
obtain parental consent to provide online services directly to children
respond to certain requests by government or law enforcement authorities
comply with local Council safety requirements to collect CCTV footage of particular areas around Emirates Stadium
------
Who Arsenal shares personal data with
We will share your personal data with the following recipients:
Arsenal Broadband Limited, a company within the Arsenal Holdings Plc Group, for the purpose of administering our websites and apps
commercial partners, so they can advise us how best to communicate with you on their behalf.  We do not give your data to partners for them to communicate with you directly.  Click here to see a list of our current partners
Facebook, so that we can display relevant advertising to you on their platform (your data is converted into a unique ID before it is shared with Facebook)
third party suppliers involved in: data insights; website hosting; online personalisation; advertising; systems maintenance; ticketing; database management; identity checking; payment processing; delivery logistics; facilities management; and credit and debt management
organisations undertaking official data scout spotting activities within Emirates Stadium
government authorities or law enforcement officials, to assist with their official requests and comply with our legal obligations
recruitment and vetting agents, to assist with our recruitment processes
other football clubs, where this is necessary to ensure the safety and security of supporters or if we think it’s appropriate to inform them of incidents at Emirates Stadium involving their supporters
football authorities, such as the Premier League or The Union of European Football Associations (‘UEFA’), when they ask for information about fans attending matches at Emirates Stadium
our advisers, any prospective purchaser’s advisers, and any new owners of the business (in the event our business is sold or integrated with another business)
agencies who partner with Arsenal in the Community (if you have been referred to those agencies through us)
------
Personal data transfers outside of the EEA
The EEA includes all EU countries, as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway.  Some of the third parties that we share personal data with may need to transfer personal data outside of the EEA, for example to the United States of America.  Click here to see a list of the third parties we share personal data with.
Where your personal data is transferred to a country outside of the EEA and that country is not subject to an EU adequacy decision, we will ensure your data is protected by appropriate safeguards (for example, EU approved standard contractual clauses, a Privacy Shield certification, or a supplier’s Binding Corporate Rules).  A copy of the relevant safeguard can be provided for your review on request – click here to see how to contact us.
------
How long Arsenal retains personal data
We retain personal data about your membership for as long as your account remains active, and for a limited period of time afterwards (in case you decide to reactivate your membership or have queries about it).
We retain personal data relating to your purchases for several years from the date of the relevant transaction.  This is to understand your purchasing preferences and to meet our legal and contractual obligations.  If your purchase has enduring relevance (such as a Celebration Corner plaque) then we’ll keep relevant information for as long as we remain responsible to you for that purchase.
Where you have asked us not to send you direct marketing, we keep a record of that fact to ensure we respect your request in future.
We keep a record of call centre recordings for 27 months and CCTV security footage for 30 days, unless we need to hold this data for longer to resolve an issue or to meet a legal requirement.
We also retain information with the potential to give rise to legal disputes for 7 years.
------
Your rights to withdraw consent and to object (including to direct marketing)
Wherever we rely on your consent to process personal data, you always have a right to withdraw that consent.  Click here to see the situations where we rely on your consent.
You also have the right to object to any use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, as well as to processing that we undertake based on our legitimate interests (including profiling).  Click here to see the situations where we process data for our legitimate interests.
Click here for information on how to exercise your rights.
------
Your other personal data rights
In addition to your rights to withdraw your consent and to object, you have the right to ask us:
for access to information about your personal data or for a copy of your personal data
to correct or delete your personal data
to restrict (i.e. stop any active) processing of your personal data
to provide you with certain personal data in a structured, machine readable format and to transmit that data to another organisation
These rights may not always apply, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have a compelling legitimate interest in keeping.  If this is the case then we’ll let you know when we respond to your request.
Click here for information on how to exercise your rights.
------
How to contact us and exercise your rights
The easiest way to stop receiving information from us is by opting out of communications through your online preference centre (this is linked to in our communications with you and is accessible at times via your account settings).  You can also correct your registration details through your online account.
We will do our best to assist with any queries you have about your personal data.  You can contact our Data Protection Officer at any time using the contact details below.  When you do so, please provide your full name, your preferred contact information, and a summary of your query.
dpo@arsenal.co.uk
Data Protection Officer
Arsenal Football Club
Highbury House
75 Drayton Park
London, N5 1BU
If you have unresolved concerns, you also have the right to complain to an EU data protection authority where you live, work or where you believe a breach may have occurred. This is likely to be the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK.
Last updated 22 November 2019
We suggest that you check back here for updates, as we will update this policy from time to time.
Copyright 2021 The Arsenal Football Club plc. Permission to use quotations from this article is granted subject to appropriate credit being given to www.arsenal.com as the source.
Latest Club News
News
#StopOnlineAbuse
–
our
next
steps
adidas x Arsenal
A
bolt
from
the
blue. Our striking
new third kit
News
Sportsbet.io
call
on
Gooners
to
Believe
the
Hype
News
Celebrating
five
years
of
Arsenal
x
120
Santa
Rita
Adidas logo
Emirates logo
Visit Rwanda logo
My Arsenal Rewards logo
Acronis logo
Ball logo
PES2021 logo
Santa Rita logo
socios.com
Sportsbet.io
Premier League logo
Cadbury logo
Camden Town Brewery logo
Ganzberg Logo
Intel logo
Lavazza logo
Octopus Energy logo
Theragun logo
Adidas logo
Emirates logo
Visit Rwanda logo
My Arsenal Rewards logo
Acronis logo
Ball logo
PES2021 logo
Santa Rita logo
socios.com
Sportsbet.io
Premier League logo
Cadbury logo
Camden Town Brewery logo
Ganzberg Logo
Intel logo
Lavazza logo
Octopus Energy logo
Theragun logo
Footer menu
Terms of use
Privacy Policy
Cookie policy
Website accessibility statement
Inviqa
Phase2
Ostmodern
Website feedback
Cookie Preference CentreYou can manage which cookies are set on your device by clicking on the different category headings below. Please remember that disabling some categories of cookies may impact your experience of our sites as some features may not work properly. For more information, please read our Cookie Policy.
More informationAccept All Cookies Manage Consent PreferencesNecessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are essential for our Websites to operate.
Without these cookies, services you have asked for, like shopping baskets, cannot be provided.Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies These cookies recognise you when you return to our Websites. They remember information (such as your username and region), enabling us to remember your preferences and display relevant content when you return.Analytical Cookies
Analytical Cookies These cookies collect information about how visitors use and engage with our Websites (such as the most visited pages), helping us to make improvements to our Websites.Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies These cookies collect information about your browsing habits (such as products you have purchased or content you have engaged with) as well as information about your browser, device and IP address. We use this information to display more relevant content and advertisements to you, as well as to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of a campaign. Occasionally we share this information with partners, including other advertising organisations. Targeting Cookies help us to connect with you on our Websites and on other websites, including Facebook. If you disable these Cookies, you may still see the same number of advertisements although they may be less relevant to you.Back Button Performance CookiesVendor Search
Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My ChoicesCookies PolicyWe use cookies to improve your browsing experience and help us improve our websites. We and carefully selected third parties also use cookies to show you more relevant ads online. By clicking ‘Accept All Cookies’, you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. If you wish to manage your cookie settings, please click ‘Customise’.Customise Accept All Cookies