Privacy Policy | AstrologyAnswers.com
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn moreGot it!
About Us
Contact Us
Login
Home
Horoscopes▾
Aries
Taurus
Gemini
Cancer
Leo
Virgo
Libra
Scorpio
Sagittarius
Capricorn
Aquarius
Pisces
Astrology▾
Articles
Birth/Natal Charts
Zodiac Signs+
Aries+
Man
Woman
Taurus+
Man
Woman
Gemini+
Man
Woman
Cancer+
Man
Woman
Leo+
Man
Woman
Virgo+
Man
Woman
Libra+
Man
Woman
Scorpio+
Man
Woman
Sagittarius+
Man
Woman
Capricorn+
Man
Woman
Aquarius+
Man
Woman
Pisces+
Man
Woman
Astrology Definitions
Astrology Q/A
Astrology Calendar
Planets
Astrological Houses
Chinese Zodiac+
Rat
Ox
Tiger
Rabbit
Dragon
Snake
Horse
Goat
Monkey
Rooster
Dog
Pig
Tarot▾
Articles
Tarot Videos
Tarot Card Definitions
FREE 3-card Reading
FREE 3-card Love Reading
FREE 3-card Career Reading
FREE Daily Tarot Reading
Compatibility▾
Articles
Love Compatibility
Career Compatibility
Pet Compatibility
Psychics
Shop
More▾
Articles
Quizzes
Numerology+
Articles
Daily Numerology Reading
Life Path Number Calculator
Heart’s Desire Number Calculator
Past Life Number Calculator
Personality Number Calculator
Hidden Passion Number Calculator
Personal Year Number Calculator
Chakra
Pendulums
Crystals
Palmistry
Runes
Dream Interpretation
Dream Dictionary
Money & Wealth
×
Google *
2KDirect Inc.
[24]7.ai (successor to EngageClick)
1trn
22-Visions
A1 Media Group
A1platform
Aarki *
abilicom
activecore
Acuityads
Adacado *
Adadyn
Adara Media *
Adbalancer
Adblade
ADBOX
Adcash
AdClear *
Adclouds
AdColony
Addictive Mobility
Addition Plus
AdElement
Adello
ADEX *
Adform *
AdGibbon BV
adhood
Adikteev *
AdKernel
AdLedge *
adlocal.net
Adloox *
Adludio *
AdMaster/LnData
AdMaxim *
Admedo *
Admetrics *
Admixer
Adnami ApS
adnanny.com
Adnetic
Adobe Advertising Cloud *
AdotMob
AdPlay
AdPredictive
AdRetarget
Adriver
AdRoll, Inc.  *
adrule
Adsniper
AdSpirit AdServer
Adssets
adTarget.me
Adtelligence
Adtelligent Inc.
AdTrader
AdTriba *
advanced STORE GmbH *
Advanse
Adventive
Adventori *
Adverline
Advertserve
Advmaker
advolution.control *
Adways SAS
Adzerk
Adzymic
AE Media
Aedge Performance S.L.
AerServ
affilinet *
Aidata
Airtory
Akamai *
AKTYVUS SEKTORIUS
Alion
Alkemics
All In Views LTD
Alooma
Amazon *
Amino Payments, Inc.
Amobee  *
Analights *
Aniview Inc.
Answer Media
AntVoice
APNIC
AppGrowth Inc.
Appier
AppLift
AppLovin Corp. *
AppNexus *
Appreciate
AppsFlyer
appTV
Arbigo Inc.
Arrivalist *
Art of Click
Artsai
Artworx AS
Audience2Media
AudienceProject *
Audiencevalue
Aunica *
Avocet *
Awin
Azameo
BannerBuilder
Batch Media *
BDSK Handels GmbH & Co. KG *
Beeswax *
Belboon
Betgenius *
Better Banners
Bidease
BidMotion
Bidswitch *
Bidtheatre
Bigabid
Bilendi
Bizible
Blismedia *
Blue
Bluecore, Inc.
Blueworks
Bombora *
Bonzai
Booking.com *
Brainworkz
Branch
Bridgewell
Bucksense
C3 Metrics *
Cablato *
CapitalData
Cauly
Cedato
Celtra *
Centro *
Chalk Digital
Cheq
Chitika
Cint *
Clearstream.TV, Inc
Clickagy
ClickForce
Clickonometrics
Clickpoint
Clinch *
Cloud Technologies *
Cloudflare *
CoAdvertise
CollegeHumor
Combell
Commanders Act *
comScore *
Connatix
Connexity
Constant Contact
Conversant/CJ Affiliate *
Conversion Logic
Conversive
Cortex
Credebat
Crimtan *
Criteo *
CrossInstall, Inc
Crucial Interactive Inc.
Crutchfield
CUBED *
Cuebiq
CyberAgent
d3media
DAC
Datafy
Datalicious
DataXu *
DaVinci11
DeepIntent
Delta Projects *
DeltaX
Demand Side Science, Inc.
Demandbase *
DENTSU *
Dentsu Aegis Network *
Digiseg *
Digitec Galaxus AG
Digitize
Display.direct
DistroScale
DMA Institute *
Dochase
Double Check
DoubleVerify *
Downstream.ai
DServe
Dstillery *
DTS *
Dumarca Gaming Ltd
DYNADMIC
DynAdmic Corporation
E-Contenta
E-Planning
Eacnur
EASYmedia *
eBay *
ebuilders *
econda GmbH
Effinity *
eMarketingSolutions
Emerse
emetriq *
Enbritely
engageBDR
Ensighten *
ENVISIONX LTD
Epic Combo
Erate
Essens *
ESV *
Etu Corporation
Eulerian Technologies
EVC
Evidon *
Exactag *
Exponential *
Exposebox
Extreme Reach
Eyereturn Marketing
F Sharp
F@N communications
Facebook *
Fiverr
Flashtalking *
FlixMobility
fluct
Forbes
Foursquare
Fractional Media *
Fraudlogix
Freckle IoT
Fringe81
FuelX
FUSIO BY S4M *
Fyber
GDM Services, Inc d/b/a Fiksu DSP
Gemius *
GetIntent
GfK *
Giantmedia
GlobalWebIndex
GO.PL
GoldSpot Media
Goodway Group
GP One *
Gridsum
GroovinAds
GroundhogTech
GroundTruth
GroupM *
Gruuv Interactive
Gruvi
gskinner *
Haensel AMS *
Happyfication inc
Hashtag'd
Havas Media France - DBi *
hbfsTech
Herolens
HockeyCurve
Hotels.com L. P.
Housing.com
HQ GmbH
hurra.com *
hybrid.ai
iBILLBOARD
IBM *
IGAWorks
Ignition One *
Impact *
Improve Digital
INCUBIQ
Index Exchange *
Infectious Media *
INFINIA
INFOnline
Ingenious Technologies
Inmind
InMobi
Innity
Innovid *
Inspired Mobile
Instinctive
Integral Ad Science *
intelliAd *
Interplus
Interpolls
Interpublic Group  *
Interrogare GmbH
Intimate Merger
IOTEC
IQM
Jampp
Jivox *
Joystick Interactive
Justpremium
JustWatch
Kadam
Kantar *
KAYAK
KEEN
KeyCDN
Kimia Group
Knorex
Kochava *
KPI Solutions
Kwanko
Kwanzoo
LANDS' END
Lifesight
LifeStreet *
Liftoff *
Ligatus
LINK Institut
LinkedIn
Linkstorm
ListenLoop
LiveIntent
LivelyImpact
LiveRamp *
LKQD
Localsensor *
Localstars
Lockon
LOKA Research
LoopMe *
Lotame *
LotLinx®
Louder
Lucid
M,P,NEWMEDIA,
Macromill group *
MADGIC
Maelico LTD
Mail.ru
MainADV *
Manage.com *
Market Points, Inc.
Marketing Science Consulting Group, Inc. *
Markit
Mashero
Maverick
MaxCDN
MBR Targeting Gmbh *
Media Force
Media Lab Limited
media.ventive GmbH
Mediahead
MediaMath *
MEDIAN
Mediarithmics
mediasmart
MediaWallah
Meetrics *
Metalyzer
MGID
Miaozhen Systems
MicroAd
Millemedia
MindTake Research *
MiQ
Mixmarket Affiliate Network
Mixpo
Mobfox
Mobile Innovations
Mobitrans *
Mobpro *
Mobusi
Mobvista/Mintegral
Moloco Ads *
Momentum
Mopedo
MSI-ACI *
N2
Nano Interactive *
Naoplay
Native Touch
NativeAds.com
Navegg *
Neodata Group *
NEORY GmbH *
Net Info
NET-Metrix AG
Netflix *
Netquest *
Netscore
NetSuccess
Neuralone *
Neustar *
NEXD
Nexus Soft
Nielsen *
NinthDecimal
Nordic Factory Solutions AB *
Norstat
Novem
nugg.ad
numberly *
Oath *
Objective Partners *
Ogury Ltd
Omnicom Media Group *
OmniVirt
On Device Research *
OneDigitalAd Technologies
OneTag *
Onseo
OpenLedger ApS
OpenSlate
OpenX Technologies *
OpinionAds
Optimise
Optimize LCC D.B.A Genius Monkey
Optomaton *
Oracle Data Cloud *
Orbis Video
OTTO *
OVC GmbH
Overstock
Oxford BioChronometrics
Parrable
Parship
Pathmatics
PERMODO *
Persona.ly
Phaistos Networks
Pi-rate / pubintl
Pixalate *
Piximedia
Placecast
Placed
Platform161 *
Platform360
PlatformOne
PMG *
Polldaddy
Polytab
PopRule
ProData Media
ProgSol.cz
Protected Media *
Publicis Media *
PubMatic *
Pulpo (An Entravision Company)
PulsePoint *
Pure Cobalt
Qantas
Quadas
Qualia
Qualtrics
Quantasy
Quantcast *
QuarticON
Quple
Rackspace *
Rakuten Marketing *
RAM
Reactive
Realytics
Realzeit
Reamp
Recruit JP
REES46
Relay42 *
Remerge *
Resonate *
RevenueMantra
RevJet *
Rezonence
RhythmOne LLC *
RichMedia Studio
RIESENIA.com
RN SSI Group *
ROMIR
Rontar
Roq.ad *
Roy Morgan Research
RTB House *
Rubicon Project *
Rutarget
Salesforce DMP *
Sape
SAS One Planet Only
Scenestealer *
SCIBIDS TECHNOLOGY
Scigineer
Scoota *
Seenthis *
Sellpoints
Semasio GmbH *
SFR *
Sharethrough, Inc.
Sift Media *
Signal
Silver Egg Technology
Simplaex GmBH
Simpli.fi *
Sizmek *
Sketchfab, Inc.
Sled, Inc.
Smaato *
Smadex *
Smart *
Smart.bid ltd
smartclip Holding AG
Smartology *
SMARTSTREAM
Snitcher.com
So-net Media Networks
Sociomantic *
Sodel Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd.
Softcrylic
Softcube
Sojern *
Somo Audience
Somplo
SourceKnowledge
Sovrn  *
SPACE ADSERVER
Sparks47
Spartoo
Splicky
SpotX *
Spring Venture Group
SpringServe
StackAdapt
Stage Flag
StartApp
Stratio Big Data
StreamRail
Sublime Skinz
SUITE 66
Supership
Survata
Suzumuchi
Swaven
TabMo *
Taboola *
TACTIC™ Real-Time Marketing *
Tagtoo
Tail
Taiwan Mobile Co Ltd
Takoomi
tapCLIQ
Tapjoy
Tapklik
TapSense
TAPTAP
Taptica
Teads *
Tealium
TEEMO *
Telecoming
TenMax
The Bridge
The Reach Group
The Trade Desk *
Thomann GmbH
ThoughtLeadr
Thunder
TimeOne
Tinkoff.ru
TotalJobs Group Ltd
Touch Ads
TraceAd
Tradedoubler AB *
Tradelab
Trafmag
travel audience – An Amadeus Company *
Treepodia
Trend Research
TreSensa *
Tribes Research
TripAdvisor
TripleLift  *
TROVIT
True Wave Technologies Limited
TruEffect *
TrustArc *
Turbobytes *
TVadSync
twiago
Twinpine
twyn
Ubimo
ucfunnel
UDG *
Umeng Plus Beijing Technology Limited Company
Underdog Media
Undertone
UNICORN
Unisport
Unitymedia
Universo Online
Unruly Group Limited
usemax (Emego GmbH) *
Ve Interactive
Vertoz
Vertriebswerk
Verve
Viant
Vidazoo
Video Research Interactive
Videology *
Viewbix
Vimeo *
Virtual Minds *
VIVALU
Vizury
Vodafone GmbH *
VRTCAL
Vserv
Vuble
Vungle
Walmart
WAP.CO.UK
Wavenet
Waystack *
Webgains
Weborama *
Whichit UK Ltd
White Ops *
Wider Planet
Widespace *
Wonderbly
X-Social
Yabbi
Yandex
YDigital Media
YieldMo
Yieldr *
YOOSE
YOptima
YouGov
Yusp
Zanox
Zebestof
Zentrick
ZMS *
Zucks
Zuuvi
ZypMedia
顶新
Close
Privacy Policy
Last Updated April 13, 2021
This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") explains how New Peak Media Inc. (“Company,” “we,” or “us”) collects, uses, shares, and protects information of the users of Company’s websites and mobile or other software applications where this Privacy Policy is posted (collectively, the “Website”). This Privacy Policy is designed to fulfill our legal obligations in the places where we operate—including, without limitation and where applicable, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA).
Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to the Website, and not to websites, applications, operating systems, or other platforms of third parties (collectively, “Third-Party Platforms”), even if such Third-Party Platforms are linked to or accessible from the Website. Each Third-Party Platform will have its own data collection and usage practices, and may use their own cookies, web beacons, and other technology to collect information from you. Company is not responsible for the content or practices of any Third-Party Platforms and, if you choose to visit or use them, you do so at your own risk.
1. Who controls my personal information?
Any information or other data provided to or gathered by Company is controlled by:
New Peak Media 10040 West Cheyenne Ave., Unit 170-129
Las Vegas, Nevada 89129
UNITED STATES
In addition to our Las Vegas address, we have Canadian headquarters at #220, 2181 Premier Way, Sherwood Park, Alberta T8H 2V1 CANADA.
2. What types of information do we collect?
“Information,” as used in this Privacy Policy, means personal information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular user or household. Examples include a user’s name, mailing address, email address, or IP address.
Company collects and/or has collected over the past twelve (12) months the following categories of information about you and other users of the Website:
• Information You Provide to Us.
We collect information from you when you voluntarily provide it to us over the Website, including as part of registering a user account or ordering goods or services from Company. Such information may include your name, email and postal addresses, phone number, birthdate, and gender. For example, if you order a report from us, we ask you to provide personal details about your birth in order to prepare the report. As another example, if you visit the Website and select a particular horoscope, such as Virgo, you may be communicating information to us about yourself, such as a date range in which you were born.
• Content You Make Public.
Company collects information from you that you voluntarily upload to the Website for public display (“Public Information”), such as when you post a product review, comment on a good or service, or participate in a forum on the Website. Once you submit Public Information, neither you nor Company are able to control how it may be copied, shared, or used by third parties, even if you and/or Company later delete such Public Information. Accordingly, you should carefully consider what personal information you choose to include within your Public Information.
• Transaction and Payment Information.
We may gather additional information from you when you order a product or service through the Website or contact customer service regarding a prior transaction. Such information may include your bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, information regarding the products or services you purchased, and your paid Subscription, if any. When you click on product links or place items in your shopping cart, we may collect or create records regarding your shopping preferences or other purchasing or consuming history or tendencies. Please note, however, that all payments are processed by third-party vendors, and not Company itself. If you make a purchase on the Website, your payment information is sent directly to our payment processors using PCI Compliant rules/software and is never stored or otherwise retained by Company.
• Device/Internet Connection Information. When you use the Website, we automatically gather information made available by your web browser (such as Microsoft Edge or Google Chrome), internet service provider (such as Comcast or Cox), and device (such as your computer, phone, tablet, or fitness tracker), depending on your settings for each. For example, we may collect your IP address, information about the operating system or type of device you use, the device ID associated with your device, the date and time you access the Website, and your log in attempts.
• Internet Activity Information. As explained below in Sections 3 and 4 regarding Personalized Ads, we may also collect information about your browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with a particular website, application, or advertisement, including the Website. We may collect information regarding the websites, application, or advertisement you visited immediately before and after your use of the Website.
• Geolocation Information.We may collect information about where you are located, both generally and at the time you access the Website. For example, we may collect your mailing address or ascertain your approximate location from your IP address.
• Protected Class Information. Due to the specific nature of Company’s services, you may be asked to provide information about your gender and age. Obviously, your birthdate is required to provide you with accurate astrological information, and your age may be derived from your birthdate.
• Other Information. From time to time, we may collect other information from you, such as when you make a claim for a prize pursuant to a contest or other promotion run on the Website, when you request assistance through our customer service department, or when you voluntarily subscribe to promotions, reminders, or newsletters.
You will always be asked for your consent in advance of providing such other information, and we will not collect it without your permission.
3. How and when do we collect information about you?
Company gathers information about you through the following sources and means:
When you enter or upload information to the Website. Company collects information you provide to us, content you make public, transaction and payment information, geolocation information, and protected class information when you enter such information on a form on the Website (including during registration), purchase Products or services, communicate by phone or chat with one of Company’s esoteric “Advisors,” sign up for newsletters or promotional material, enter contests, upload content, post a review, and otherwise interact with the Website.
When you communicate with us. Company may also collect information you provide to us, content you make public, transaction and payment information, geolocation information, and protected class information from you outside of the Website, such as when you contact our customer service department, email us (including any response to an email communication from Company), or communicate with Company via social media, such as by posting on a page hosted by Company or tagging Company in your own post. The information collected off the Website may be combined with that collected through the Website—for example, if you order a Product from the Website and later call customer service about the order, the information collected in both interactions may be linked.
Through Cookies, tracking tools, and other automated technologies. When you use any website, certain information can be automatically collected through technological means. When you access the Website, your web browser automatically sends us device and internet connection information and certain internet activity information as described in Section 2.
Company also uses Cookies and web beacon technology to gather device and internet connection information, internet activity information, geolocation information, and biometric information. “Cookies” are files that are placed on your computer or other device by websites you visit. The primary purpose of a Cookie is to identify you as a unique user of the Website. Company uses the following types of Cookies, some of which are placed by Third Parties, to customize your Internet experience, keep you logged into websites, remember your search terms, and advertise products or services to you:
Type of Cookie
Purpose of Cookie
Necessary
Necessary Cookies are essential in order for the Website to display and perform properly. Necessary Cookies are used to identify you, prevent security risks, and to allow you to perform account-related functions.
Preferences
Preferences Cookies are used to store preferences set
by you and each user for their account, such as your language preferences. Preferences Cookies improve your experience using the Website.
Analytics and Performance
Analytics and Performance Cookies collect information on
how you and other users interact with the Website. Often, this information is aggregated, as discussed in Section 4, and is used to improve the Website.
Advertising
We may also use Cookies and web beacons, including those placed by Third Parties such as Google and Facebook, to deliver Personalized Ads that may be of interest to you. We may also use a web beacon in email messages sent to track your response. Cookies and web beacons also help us and our Third-Party advertising partners ensure you do not see the same advertisements over and over and to identify block unwanted ads. We also use these tracking tools to better understand your behaviors and browsing activities.
You can change your Cookie settings in your Internet browser (e.g., Chrome, Edge, Firefox).
If you disable Cookies, some of the features of the Website may not function correctly. For more information, see https://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
From Third Parties. Company may also collect the following types of information from Third Parties: transaction and payment information (such as when you have your payment information saved in your web browser); device/internet connection information; internet activity information; geolocation information; and biometric information.
Like many websites, Company uses Google services and Cookies to improve the Website and advertise to users like you, as described more fully below.
As such, when you use the Website, your personal information may be shared with Google, and shared by Google with Company. You can learn more about how Google uses Cookies, and how to manage your Cookie preferences in your Internet browser and revoke your consent to Personalized Ads, by visiting the Google Cookie Policy.
Company may also use the Facebook Cookie to deliver Personalized Ads to you, as that term is described below. You can learn more about how Facebook gathers and uses personal information via Cookies, including how to set your Cookie preferences within Facebook, by visiting the.
As explained above, Company also uses Cookies set by our Third Party advertising partners to track your online behavior and provide Personalized Ads to you.
Third Party Partner
Description
Privacy Policy
Bing Ads
Company uses Bing Ads to deliver targeted advertisements to you and other Website users.
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-ca/privacystatement
Facebook
Company uses the Facebook Cookie to deliver targeted advertisements to you on Facebook.
Facebook Cookie Policy
Facebook Privacy Policy
Google
Company uses Google Ads to deliver targeted advertisements to you and other Website users.
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Marketo
We use Marketo to manage our relationships with our customers.
https://documents.marketo.com/legal/privacy/
Remember, you can change your Cookie settings in your Internet browser (e.g., Chrome, Edge, Firefox).
For more information, see https://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
You can better learn about such Third-Party data collection and advertising practices, including how to revoke your consent to Personalized Ads, at the following websites:
www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
www.networkadvertising.org/choices
www.aboutads.info/choices
4. How do we use your information?
Company may use the information we’ve gathered from you or your device, including through Cookies and Third Parties, for the following purposes:
Business Purposes. When Company uses your information for a “Business Purpose,” it means such use is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve an operational purpose of the Company. The following are the Business Purposes for which we may use your information:
Business Purpose
Types of Information
For Security. Company uses the information we collect from you and other users to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and to identify and prosecute those responsible for that activity.
Information you provide to us; Transaction and Payment Information; Device/Internet Connection Information; Internet Activity Information; Geolocation Information
To Fulfill Your Orders. We use the information we collect from you to process your payments, fulfill your orders, and ship your purchases. If you purchase chat or call time with one of our Advisors, they may use the information you provide in order to render the advice you seek.
Information you provide to us; Transaction and Payment Information; Device/Internet Connection Information; Geolocation Information; Protected Class Information
To Improve our Products and Services. Company uses the information we collect from you and other users to improve our Product offerings and services. For example, we may consider analytics, demographics, and user feedback collected via the Website in determining whether there is sufficient demand for a new Product or Subscription.
Information you provide to us; Content you make public; Transaction and Payment Information; Device/Internet Connection Information; Internet Activity Information; Geolocation Information; Protected Class Information
To Improve the Website. Company uses the information we collect from you and other users to provide and improve the Website.
We use information to debug and identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality of the Website. As explained above, we use Cookies, including those placed by Third Parties, to gather statistical information that helps us understand how you and other users engage with the Website and improve its performance via technological development.
Information you provide to us; Content you make public; Device/Internet Connection Information; Internet Activity Information; Geolocation Information; Protected Class Information
To Personalize Your User Experience. We use information gathered from Cookies to authenticate your logins, determine whether you are logged in or not, to allow you to set personal preferences when using the Website, and to make it so you don’t have to reenter the same information when you visit the Website several times within a short timeframe.
Information you provide to us; Transaction and Payment Information; Device/Internet Connection Information; Internet Activity Information; Geolocation Information; Protected Class Information
To Communicate with You. We use your information to personalize communication with you, and to respond to your requests regarding your purchases and information on our products and services. We also use your information to notify you of updates to the Terms or this Privacy Policy.
Information you provide to us; Content you make public; Device/Internet Connection Information; Internet Activity Information; Geolocation Information; Protected Class Information
To Create Deidentified Aggregate Information. Company may combine your information with that of other users to create “Aggregate Information”—namely, statistical information about all users or a subset thereof. Aggregate Information is pseudonymized and deidentified. In other words, Aggregate Information cannot be used to identify, relate to, describe, be capable of being associated with, or be linked, directly or indirectly, to a particular consumer, including you.
In turn, Aggregate Information may be used by Company for the Business and Commercial Purposes listed herein.
Information you provide to us; Content you make public; Device/Internet Connection Information; Internet Activity Information; Geolocation Information; Protected Class Information
Commercial Purposes.When Company uses your information for a “Commercial Purpose,” it means such use is intended to advance Company’s business interests, such as by inducing you to buy one of our Products or services. The following are the Commercial Purposes for which we may use your information:
Commercial Purpose
Types of Information
To Advertise to You. We may use information gathered through Cookies and web beacons, including those placed by Third Parties, to deliver ads to you via the Website, and after you’ve left the Website, including advertising specific to your personal interests. The purpose of this practice, which is sometimes called “Personalized Ads,” “retargeting,” or “remarketing” is to deliver content and advertising that is of interest to you, and to avoid displaying irrelevant advertising to you. You can better learn about such Third-Party data collection and advertising practices, including how to revoke your consent to Personalized Ads, at the following websites:
www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices
www.networkadvertising.org/choices
www.aboutads.info/choices
Information you provide to us; Content you make public; Device/Internet Connection Information; Internet Activity Information; Geolocation Information; Protected Class Information
To Build a Profile. As stated above, Company create new information about you by drawing inferences from the information identified in the categories listed above, such as to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, preferences, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. Such information and profile may be used by Company for advertising purposes.
Information you provide to us; Content you make public; Device/Internet Connection Information; Internet Activity Information; Geolocation Information; Protected Class Information
To Advertise to Others.
We may share your reviews, comments, and other content uploaded by you to advertise and market our Website and the Services, including by reposting your reviews on the Website, in our advertising, or through our social media accounts. If you want us to stop using your information in these ways, please contact us at privacy@AstrologyAnswers.com
Content you make public
Scope and Legal Bases for Use
Company only processes your information to the extent that is necessary to accomplish the above-stated Business and Commercial Purposes, which serves as our legitimate interest.
If you reside in a location governed by the GDPR, then the following are Company’s legal bases for the processing of your information: In so far as we have obtained consent for processing operations of information by the data subject, Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis. For the processing of information necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, Art. 6(1) lit. b GDPR serves as legal basis. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures. In so far as the processing of information is required to comply with a legal obligation to which our Company is subject, Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR serves as legal basis. In the event that processing of information may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person, Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR serves as legal basis. If processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our Company or by a Third Party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject, processing operations are based on Art 6(1) lit. f GDPR.
5. How do we share your information?
Company may share your information with Third Parties for the following purposes:
Business Purposes.When Company shares your information for a Business Purpose, it means such use is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve an operational purpose of the Company. The following are the Business Purposes for which we may share your information:
Third Parties
Business Purpose
Types of Information
Service Providers. These Third Parties provide services to Company that allow Company to operate the Website, provide services to customers, communicate with customers, and so forth. Examples include our Advisors, payment processors, email fulfillment providers, shipping providers, customer management services, and so forth.
For Security; To Fulfill Your Orders; to Improve Our Products and Services; to Improve the Website, and to Personalize Your User Experience. See Section 4 for more information on these Business Purposes.
Information you provide to us; Content you make public; Transaction and Payment Information; Device/Internet Connection Information; Internet Activity Information; Geolocation Information; Protected Class Information.
Our Affiliated Entities. Affiliated entities are different than Third Parties in that they are businesses that are directly related to us and have common ownership with us. We may disclose, transfer, and sell your information to our affiliated entities, in which event, your information shall be treated by the affiliated companies in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Should Company be subject to an acquisition, merger, sale or other change of control or business entity status, we reserve the right to transfer or assign your information as part of that acquisition, merger or sale.
For Security; To Fulfill Your Orders; to Improve Our Products and Services; to Improve the Website; and to Personalize Your User Experience.
See Section 4 for more information on these Business Purposes.
Information you provide to us; Content you make public; Transaction and Payment Information; Device/Internet Connection Information; Internet Activity Information; Geolocation Information; Protected Class Information
Government Officials and Private Parties Pursuant to Valid Legal Process. We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, and other legal processes. In very rare circumstances, we may disclose personal information when we believe it is necessary in order to prevent illegal, fraudulent, or injurious actions that may cause harm to individuals.
To comply with Company’s legal obligations and to prevent illegal, fraudulent, or injurious actions that may cause harm to individuals.
Information you provide to us; Content you make public; Transaction and Payment Information; Device/Internet Connection Information; Internet Activity Information; Geolocation Information; Protected Class Information
Commercial Purposes. When Company shares your information for a “Commercial Purpose,” it means such disclosure is intended to advance Company’s business interests, such as by advertising our products or services. The following are the Commercial Purposes for which we may share your information with Third Parties:
Commercial Purpose
Types of Information
Advertising Partners. We may disclose your personal information as needed to our Affiliated Entities and Third-Party advertising partners. For example, we or others may email you with offers and promotions we believe may be of interest to you. We may also share information gathered through Cookies and tracking technology to allow a Third Party to advertise our products and services to you after you leave the Website.
To Advertise to You, including through Personalized Ads;
to Advertise to Others. See Section 4 for more information on these Commercial Purposes.
Information you provide to us; Content you make public; Device/Internet Connection Information; Internet Activity Information; Geolocation Information; Protected Class Information
Other Consumers. We may share your reviews, comments, and other content uploaded by you to advertise and market our Website and the Services, including by reposting your reviews on the Website, in our advertising, or through our social media accounts.
To Advertise to Others. See Section 4 for more information on this Commercial Purpose.
Content you make public
6. Do we sell your information to others?
No. Company does not sell consumers’ personal information, and has not sold consumers’ personal information during the past twelve (12) months.
7. How do we protect your information?
Company, and the Third-Party vendors we use to store your information, employ technical, administrative, and physical security measures (such as SSL encryption and HTTPS protocol) that are designed to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We regularly review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods.
However, no system can be completely secure.
Therefore, although we take steps to secure your information, we cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your personal and commercial information, or other communications, will always remain secure.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Never share your password with anyone else and notify us as soon as possible if you believe your account security has been breached.
8. How long do we keep your information?
Company will retain your information for the length of time necessary to fulfill the Business Purposes and Commercial Purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law or valid court order. If you request deletion of your information pursuant to Section 10, your request will be processed according to the timeframes indicated therein and/or pursuant to any applicable legislation.
9. Do we transfer your information to a different country?
If you are visiting the Website from a location outside of the United States, your connection will be through and to servers located in the United States, and all information you provide will be processed and securely maintained in our web servers and internal systems located within the United States. By using the Website, you authorize and specifically consent to the transfer of personal data to the United States and its storage and use as specified above when you provide such information to us.
10. What are your rights when it comes to accessing, correcting, or deleting your information, and how can you exercise them?
You may access all information we’ve collected and retained about you for purposes of correcting, amending, downloading, or deleting such information. Access can be obtained by logging into your account, filling out a Privacy Request, or contacting us at privacy@AstrologyAnswers.com.
To protect your privacy and security, we may take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access, making corrections, providing you with information, or deleting information. Such steps will most likely include requiring you to log in to your user account, if you have one, or, in the absence of a user account, requiring you to confirm all details of a submission or transaction completed by you via the Website.
• Access and Correction
The easiest way to access and correct the personal information we have collected about you is to log into your account. In the alternative, you may fill out a Privacy Request, or contact us at privacy@AstrologyAnswers.com.
• Right to Request Disclosure
You have the right to request that Company disclose the following to you:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
To request such a disclosure, please fill out a Privacy Request, or contact us at privacy@AstrologyAnswers.com.
•	Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request that Company delete any personal information about the you which we have collected from you. To make such a request, please fill out a Privacy Request, or contact us at privacy@AstrologyAnswers.com.
• California Shine the Light Disclosure
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide personal information to the Website may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please fill out a Privacy Request, or contact us at privacy@AstrologyAnswers.com.
• Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code § 22581 Disclosure
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any Website where this Privacy Policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please fill out a Privacy Request, or contact us at privacy@AstrologyAnswers.com with a detailed description of the specific content or information. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
• RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have the right, at any time, to direct Company not to sell your information. You may do so by filling out the Do Not Sell My Personal Information form on the Website.
11. How do we protect the privacy of children?
No Users Under 13
Company will never knowingly collect any personal information about children under the age of 13. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected personal information about a child under the age of 13, that information will be immediately deleted from our database. Because we do not collect such information, we have no such information to use or to disclose to Third Parties. We have designed this policy in order to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
Right to Opt In For Users 13 to 16
Company will never sell the personal information of users if we have actual knowledge that the user is less than 16 years of age, unless (in the case of consumers between 13 and 16 years of age) the user has affirmatively authorized the sale of their personal information.
Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code § 22581 Disclosure
If you are a California resident under the age of 18, and a registered user of any Website where this Privacy Policy is posted, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please fill out a Privacy Request, or contact us at privacy@AstrologyAnswers.com with a detailed description of the specific content or information. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
12.	How can you receive and opt-out from marketing communications?
By providing your email address to Company through the Website or an email initiated by you, you consent to receive emails from us, including information concerning your account and advertising messages. Depending upon your location, we may obtain additional consent from you via a checkbox disclosure or an email requesting confirmation before you can receive such information.
Providing consent to promotional emails is NOT a condition of purchasing any goods or services from Company. You can unsubscribe to advertising emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link within the email or by filing out our Contact Form. Please note that, even if you unsubscribe from advertising emails, we will still send you any necessary, non-promotional emails about your purchase, account, or updates to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
13. Do we respond to Do Not Track (DNT) Signals?
DNT is a feature offered by some browsers which, when enabled, sends a signal to websites to request that your browsing is not tracked.
Company does not currently respond to DNT requests.
14. How will you know when we change the Privacy Policy?
Each time you use the Website, the then-current version of this Privacy Policy will apply.
Although most changes are likely to be minor, we reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy by posting such modification on this page; however, if changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice or email you. Depending upon your location, we may obtain additional consent from you via a checkbox disclosure or an email requesting consent before you can continue to use the Website.
Unless we receive your express consent, any revised Privacy Policy will apply only to information collected after the effective date of such revised Privacy Policy, and not to information collected under any earlier version.
15. How can you contact us regarding this Privacy Policy?
The Website contains a Contact Form, which can be used for electronic contact. If you use this option, the data entered by you in the form will be transmitted to us and stored as part of your information.
Alternatively, you can contact us via email at privacy@AstrologyAnswers.com. In this case, your information transmitted by email will be stored. If needed, your information will be relayed to our Third Party partners to for the sole purpose of processing any request by you in the communication.
Editor's Picks
Everything You Need to Know About the Cups in Tarot
A Tarot Spread to Understand Your Stalker Card
You Need This 2021 Summer Solstice Checklist
Like
Follow
Follow
We are on YouTube and Twitter too!
Want to have our daily horoscopes sent to your email? Start by selecting your Star Sign:
Aries
Taurus
Gemini
Cancer
Leo
Virgo
Libra
Scorpio
Sagittarius
Capricorn
Aquarius
Pisces
Who should we send this to?
Select a different Sign
Thank you
FREE HOROSCOPES
Daily Horoscope
Love Horoscope
Career Horoscope
Chinese Horoscope
Video Horoscope
Weekly Horoscope
Monthly Horoscope
Health Horoscope
Sex Horoscope
Money Horoscope
Weekly Forecast
FREE READINGS
Love Compatibility
Career Compatibility
Pets Compatibility
Daily Tarot Reading
Life Path Number
ASTROLOGY TOOLS
Dream Interpretation
Dream Dictionary
Astrological Dictionary
Astrology Q/A
Numerology Calculator
Birth/Natal Charts
ARTICLES
Astrology
Tarot
Love & Relationships
Money & Wealth
Numerology
SUPPORT
Customer Notice
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Testimonials
Member's Area
Write for Us
Advertise with Us
CONNECT WITH US
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
YouTube
Twitter
© Copyright 2021 | Astrology Answers - All Rights Reserved.
×
Never Miss Your Horoscope Again!
Please select the type of notification you’d like to see:
Article
Horoscopes
Stop! Please select at least one option.
Click "Allow" to Receive Your Daily Horoscope Straight to Your Device
Okay!
No Thanks