Legal Skip to main content
We're hiring! Invest Cryptocurrencies
Bitcoin Ethereum Polkadot Cardano Chainlink Avalanche See all
Crypto Indices
BCI5 BCI10 BCI25 See all
Stocks
Tesla PayPal Apple Twitter Netflix Facebook See all
ETFs
Euro Stoxx 50
DAX
FTSE 100
MSCI Emerging Markets
MSCI World Nasdaq-100 See all
Metals
Gold Silver Palladium Platinum See all
Earn BEST Rewards
Become an Affiliate
Tell a Friend
Learn Bitpanda Academy
6 questions about Bitcoin
How to start
What are NFTs?
Pro
Markets
Fees
API
Institutions
View Exchange
White Label NEW
How it works
Asset offering
Use cases
Company
About us
Careers
Press
Blog
Help
How to get started
Who can use Bitpanda
Payment methods and limits
Privacy policy
Helpdesk
Log in Get started
Invest
Cryptocurrencies
Crypto Indices
Stocks
ETFs
Metals
Earn
BEST Rewards
Become an Affiliate
Tell a Friend
Learn
Bitpanda Academy
6 questions about Bitcoin
How to start
What are NFTs?
Pro
White Label
Company
Help
Get started Log in
HomeLegal
Legal
Bitpanda T&C Metals T&C Bitpanda Group privacy policy Payments T&C Payments privacy policy Cookies BEST IEO T&C Best Rewards T&C Contis T&C Contis Privacy Policy Financial Services T&C Financial Services privacy policy General Terms and ConditionsBitpanda GmbH 1. General Provisions 1.1. The general terms and conditions herein ("GTC") exclusively apply to any and all transactions, contracts and business relationships with Bitpanda GmbH, with its corporate seat in A-1020 Vienna, Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2 ("Bitpanda"), in particular including transactions and business relationships with/on any online or electronic platform (e.g. https://www.bitpanda.com/ and https://exchange.bitpanda.com) or mobile application of Bitpanda and associated APIs of such platform or application (“Bitpanda Systems”). Bitpanda also offers services in cooperation with third parties, e.g. Bitpanda Metals GmbH, Bitpanda Financial Services GmbH and/or Bitpanda Payments GmbH. For services of such third-party providers, their terms and conditions may apply in addition to these GTC. 1.2. Bitpanda offers services only to and enters into contracts only with persons of legal age. 1.3. For an overview of the definitions used in these GTC please refer to Annex I. 2. Becoming a Bitpanda Client 2.1. Persons interested in using Bitpanda Systems have to register themselves on a Bitpanda System by providing Bitpanda with valid and true information as required in the registration process. A person having successfully completed the registration process (which is confirmed by Bitpanda) is called a "Bitpanda Client" and “you”.  2.2. In order to use the trading options on a Bitpanda System you as a Bitpanda Client have to verify your account. Your trading limits depend on such verification level. The verification processes and requirements depend mainly on security requirements, in particular AML considerations, and may change from time to time depending on the legal framework.  2.3. You ensure that you keep any and all details ofl your password confidential and that you only act for yourself and have opened the account only for yourself. It is also forbidden to act as intermediary of any kind or broker of any kind or trustee of any kind for any person or to allow access of any kind to the account to any person other than yourself. As a preventive security measure, Bitpanda recommends that each Bitpanda Client uses the two factor authentication identification components ("2FA"). 2.4. Persons having US citizenship or being located in the United States may not become a Bitpanda Client according to regulatory reasons. Depending on the respective local regulatory framework Bitpanda may exclude other jurisdiction from Bitpanda's services as well.  2.5. When a password is reset, Bitpanda pauses any payment to and/or transfer of Tokens (as defined in item 3.1) to you or out of Bitpanda Systems for security reasons for a maximum period of 48 hours. You confirm that you are aware of this security measure and accept it. 2.6. You, as a Bitpanda Client, shall  2.6.1. ensure prompt execution of any contracts and shall refrain from activities which would thwart or endanger such execution.  2.6.2. immediately report all defects or other problems which you either cause or are made aware of and shall assist Bitpanda in remedying the problem. 2.6.3. immediately update via a Bitpanda System or submit to Bitpanda via a registered mail address any changes to your personal data (name, mailing/postal address and email address). You are aware and accept that Bitpanda shall always use the last email address and last postal address which you shared with Bitpanda, and that any message delivered to such email or postal address shall be legally delivered.  2.6.4. at all times ensure that you have your 2FA available and in usable condition, if used by you. In case of loss of the 2FA, you must immediately inform Bitpanda about this loss and follow Bitpanda support team members’ instructions. You acknowledge and accept that such instructions may be deferred depending on the utilisation of the Bitpanda support team and neither Bitpanda nor Bitpanda Metals GmbH is liable for any of your claims due to such a delay. If you are not able to follow the instructions and comply with the security rules and requirements, you will neither be able to access the relevant page nor your Bitpanda Client Account again and the Bitpanda Client's Account including any Token may not be and cannot be used until you can find/remember/regain the correct 2FA. You are aware and accept this "No Recover Policy" which is a major and important immanent part of a system dealing with cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units. 2.6.5. provide Bitpanda with any reasonable data and or information that Bitpanda needs in order to provide its services to you. This includes, but is not limited to, details with regard to and proof of origin of funds (such as banking statements or any other details provided by banks or financial institutions, contracts of sales or contracts in general, or any other suitable data to prove or determine the origin of funds, if exceeding the daily, monthly or general limits on Bitpanda). You acknowledge that the documents and data you submit must be verified by Bitpanda. Bitpanda takes reasonable efforts to verify your documents as quickly as possible. However, it may happen that a verification performed by Bitpanda will be delayed (e.g. due to high trading activity on Bitpanda Systems). As a result, the execution of your requested transaction may be delayed or, should the documents you submitted not be deemed sufficient by Bitpanda at its sole discretion, may not be carried out at all. In such cases, Bitpanda shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever resulting from a delayed or cancelled execution of your requested transaction. (e.g. exchange rate losses). 2.7. Bitpanda requires certain specified information from you in the process of becoming a Bitpanda Client. You are aware and accept herewith that Bitpanda may at Bitpanda's sole discretion decide at which point in time you must deliver copies of passports (in notarised and apostilled form or not) and any other documents required by law and/or as defined in Data Protection Terms; if being a legal entity copies of company register excerpts or equivalent documents (in notarised and apostilled form or not) and any other documents required by law or as defined in the Data Protection Terms.  3. Bitpanda Broker  3.1. Bitpanda’s group provides Bitpanda Systems for the exchange of (i) cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units, such as, but not limited to, Bitcoin, Dash, Ripple, Bitcoin Cash, Ether and Litecoin, ("E-Token"), (ii) fiat token ("F-Token”), (iii) financial derivative contracts in relation to stocks or shares in exchange traded funds ("A-Token", together with E-Token and F-Token referred to as "Token”), (iv) precious metals (“M-Token”) or (v) the sale and purchase of Token with a currency that is legal tender (gesetzlich anerkanntes Zahlungsmittel). The E-Token traded on the Bitpanda Systems can be changed, amended or modified at any time and at the sole discretion of Bitpanda. The services with respect to M-Token are exclusively offered by Bitpanda Metals GmbH and not by Bitpanda itself. Any services with regard to A-Token are offered in cooperation with Bitpanda Financial Services GmbH. 3.1.1. An exchange (Tausch) and sale/purchase (Verkauf/Kauf) with Bitpanda is exclusively done in the following way: You offer bindingly to exchange, sell or buy (part of) Token(s) to Bitpanda. To make such a binding offer you have to (i) correctly fill in all necessary, valid and correct data on Bitpanda's respective trading screen and (ii) click/confirm either the "Buy now" or "Sell now" button (item (ii) referred to as the "Final Offer Click"). The conditions offered by Bitpanda for your order are valid for one minute ("Price Guarantee") which is the maximum time to validate and confirm the conditions by the Final Offer Click. You acknowledge and agree that Bitpanda may at any time and at its sole discretion change the duration of the Price Guarantee and/or may vary the Price Guarantee for certain Token. For the avoidance of doubt in this context the word "buy" is to be interpreted and qualified exclusively as "binding offer to accept the receipt of E-Token in exchange for the specified amount in a currency which is legal tender or F-Token" or "binding offer to accept the receipt of F-Token in exchange for the specified amount in a currency which is legal tender" and the word "sell" "is to be interpreted and qualified exclusively as "binding offer to accept the receipt of your requested F-Token in exchange for Token". 3.1.2. “Bitpanda Savings” with Bitpanda is exclusively done in the following way: You offer bindingly to purchase (part of) E-Token on a regular and recurring basis from Bitpanda (“Multiple Debit Order”). To make such binding offer you have to (i) correctly fill in all necessary, valid and correct data on Bitpanda's respective trading screen and (ii) click/confirm "Confirm now" button (item (ii) referred to as the "Final Offer Click Savings" together with the Final Offer Click the “Final Offer Clicks”). For the avoidance of doubt in this context "Confirm now" is to be interpreted and qualified exclusively as "binding offer to accept the receipt of E-Token on a regular and recurring basis in exchange for the specified amount in a currency which is legal tender”.  3.1.3. A “Bitpanda Swap” with Bitpanda is exclusively done in the following way: You offer bindingly to exchange (part of) E-Token into another type of E-Token or (part of) F-Tokens into another type of F-Token. To make such binding offer you have to (i) correctly fill in all necessary, valid and correct data on Bitpanda's respective trading screen and (ii) click/confirm "Swap now" button (item (ii) referred to as the "Final Offer Click Swap" together with the Final Offer Click. the “Final Offer Clicks”). For the avoidance of doubt in this context "swap now" is to be interpreted and qualified exclusively as "binding offer to accept the receipt of E-Token in exchange for the specified amount of another type of Token. 3.1.4. The offers mentioned in item 3.1.1., 3.1.2. and 3.1.3. are herein referred together as "Bitpanda Client Offer". You are bound by a Bitpanda Client Offer for a period of one week after the respective Final Offer Click ("Offer Period"). Bitpanda immediately sends you confirmation upon receipt of a Bitpanda Client Offer. 3.1.5. After having received a Bitpanda Client Offer Bitpanda may or may not accept such offer by factual fulfilling of the offer (tatsächlicher Erfüllung des Angebots) at Bitpanda's sole discretion within the Offer Period (the "Contract Conclusion and Order Fulfillment Action" or "CCOFA"). For any payments in currency that is legal tender from and to you, Bitpanda shall use a payment service provider. Where Bitpanda factually fulfilled the Bitpanda Client Offer without full receipt of the payment as agreed in the Bitpanda Client Offer, you are obliged to pay such outstanding amount ("Default in Payment"). In case of any Default in Payment the consequences as outlined in item 4.2. and 8.8. apply.  3.2. Any figures, numbers, exchange reference prices or other relevant publications by Bitpanda, either on relevant websites or mobile applications or in another way, are in no case offers, nor binding offers, nor guarantees for an exchange but always to be seen as invitations to you to provide offers for exchange to Bitpanda (invitation ad offerendum). 3.3. Bitpanda exclusively allows Bitpanda Clients to make exchange offers based on positive balances on the respective Bitpanda Client Account. Short selling, meaning an offer with respect to Token which are not registered as having a positive balance on the respective Bitpanda Client Account, is forbidden and blocked by the system. A Bitpanda Client Offer is technically limited with your positive balance of such offer and the limits pursuant to your verification level. Bitpanda reserves the right to further limit the range of a Bitpanda Client Offer at Bitpanda's sole discretion to certain specified limits per Bitpanda Client.  3.4. Delays in the processing of the Bitpanda Client Offers can occur due to unforeseen technical disruptions. Therefore, neither Bitpanda nor Bitpanda Metals GmbH offer any guarantee of immediate offer processing nor assume any liability related thereto, in particular not with respect to any changes of prices, valuations or other conditions with respect to any offered Token or services, except the Price Guarantee as outlined in item 3.1.1. of these GTC.  3.5. You are aware that there might be significant delays when shipping Token to your Bitpanda Account Wallet, since most Token are stored "cold", which means offline. Respectively additional non-automated handling might be necessary triggering such delays.  4. Bitpanda Client Account 4.1. Bitpanda Systems allow only one account per Bitpanda Client ("Bitpanda Client Account"). Double-accounts are strictly forbidden. Should another account (the "double-account") be created in addition to your first account (the "original-account"), the following applies: Bitpanda has the right to block and keep the double-account locked. Token which are stored on the double-account will be transferred by Bitpanda to the Bitpanda Client's original-account provided that the Bitpanda Client can proof (for example via the identification service used by Bitpanda) that they are the same person. In such cases, Bitpanda is authorised to charge an administrative fee of EUR 5.00 and if necessary, deduct the fee from the transferred Token(s). 4.2. Bitpanda reserves the right to lock and/or freeze and/or close a Bitpanda Client Account (including the block (Blockierung) of a transaction, reverse (Rückabwicklung) of a transaction, suspension (Aussetzung) of a transaction, rescission (Rücktritt) from a contract/transaction, the loss of any vouchers) immediately and without further notice to the Bitpanda Client, if 4.2.1. such Bitpanda Client has been accused of (including any reasonably documented media reports or market rumors on): fraud, terrorist financing, money laundering, tax fraud, or any other breach or violation of relevant criminal, administrative or tax laws in any country of the world, being part of a Ponzi scheme of any kind, using matrix programs/pyramid programmes/multi-level marketing or other high-risk business detrimental to customers of any kind (in particular if participating in a programme as set forth under item 13.v.); unlawful activity in any country of the world; forbidden gambling; intellectual property or proprietary rights infringement, counterfeit or unauthorised goods; using/distributing drugs and drug paraphernalia or substances designed to mimic illegal drugs; producing/distributing adult content and services; using unfair, predatory or deceptive practice via customers or persons; etc. 4.2.2. Bitpanda has been informed of official investigations (by any competent public authority, in particular but not limited to any public prosecutors in the field of criminal law or tax agents) against such Bitpanda Client with respect to fraud, terror financing, money laundering, tax fraud, or any breach or violation of relevant criminal, administrative or tax laws in any country of the world. 4.2.3. a Bitpanda Client has breached his obligations against Bitpanda under the GTC (e.g. any delayed payment) without curing said breach within 10 “Business Days”. 4.2.4. a Bitpanda Client has breached any rules or regulations of a payment service provider. 4.2.5. a Bitpanda Client has breached any rules or regulations of Bitpanda Metals GmbH. 4.2.6. a Bitpanda Client has opened more than one account with Bitpanda. 4.2.7. a Bitpanda Client breaches the single payment service provider account rule (item 8.11.) and uses together with another Bitpanda Client the same payment service provider account (e.g. bank account, Neteller account, etc) or use a third-party bank account, third-party credit cards etc. 4.2.8. a Bitpanda Client uses an account without legal entitlement to use such an account. 4.2.9. a Bitpanda Client conceals the correct identity by providing incorrect data regarding the Bitpanda Client Account or an account with a payment service provider. 4.2.10. a Bitpanda Client materially breaches the payment rules, in particular but not limited to item 8.12., as set forth under the GTC causing significant efforts without curing the problems within 10 Business Days. 4.2.11. a Bitpanda Client materially breaches the rules of the Tell-a-Friend Programme (set forth under item 15.5.) and does not cure the breaches within a reasonable grace period (depending on the breach between 24 hours and 5 Business Days). 4.2.12. a Bitpanda Client manipulates Bitpanda Systems or any Bitpanda group’s services. Such manipulation is in particular any use of an automated system (e.g. bot) or any other use which contradicts normal and typical trading behaviour of human beings and, hence, indicates the involvement of a certain technology, software and/or any system automating such trading, except such use has been previously agreed with Bitpanda. Using an automated system (e.g. bot) is only permitted if you (i) use Bitpanda Pro and (ii) use the official APIs provided on Bitpanda Pro in their original and unmodified state. 4.2.13. a Bitpanda Client conducts their business in such a way or uses Bitpanda Systems in such a way that leads to Direct Debit Chargebacks, credit card chargebacks or violations of regulations of involved banks or credit card companies. 4.2.14. a Bitpanda Client conducts their business in such a way or uses Bitpanda Systems in such a way that causes damage, disadvantages or losses for Bitpanda and/or impairs any Bitpanda Service.  4.3. If Bitpanda is engaged by you to remedy a declared and/or alleged deficiency and it is proven that no deficiency exists, existed or that the deficiency is or was in your sphere, Bitpanda is entitled to charge compensation for any resulting expense. 4.4. Bitpanda may charge – in addition to any damage claims which Bitpanda might have against such Bitpanda Client – for Bitpanda's additional efforts in connection with items 4.2. and 4.3. a processing fee of up to EUR 50.00 or any part of E-Token having the value of up to EUR 50.00 at the time of the measure set in accordance with item 4.2. and 4.3. 4.5. Bitpanda System uses its own token system (F-Token, E-Token, M-Token and A-Token) which are booked in the respective storing sub-accounts (each a "Wallet") of the respective Bitpanda Client Account. Only such Tokens booked in the respective Wallets in the Bitpanda Client Account may and can be used for making a Bitpanda Client Offer with respect to offering Token. The Wallet for F-Token is named "Fiat Wallet".  4.6. F-Token, which are exclusively offered by Bitpanda, are designated  4.6.1. for support and facilitation reasons as an extra service towards Bitpanda Clients, in particular to enable the Bitpanda Client to act faster with respect to Bitpanda Client Offers. 4.6.2. for the exclusive use of such F-Token within a Bitpanda System to exchange for E-Token. An exchange of F-Token outside of a Bitpanda System is impossible. An exchange of F-Token to another Bitpanda Client is impossible.  4.7. F-Token are designated to provide for quick options to act as "support tools" for the Bitpanda Clients and shall in no event be seen as a deposit (Einlage) of any kind. Therefore, if a Bitpanda Client does not use an F-Token in exchange for another Token within a period of 12 months after such F-Token has been booked on the Bitpanda Client's Wallet ("Reference Period"), Bitpanda shall deduct F-Token having the monetary value of EUR 5.00 (based on the figures used by Bitpanda in the Bitpanda System) from the Bitpanda Clients Account per calendar month as long as the Bitpanda Client does not make valid use of the respective F-Token. Every time the Bitpanda Client uses the respective F-Token, the Reference Period restarts from zero. 4.8. You may send your M-Token to other Bitpanda Clients however, the Bitpanda System prohibit and do not allow the trade of M-Token between Bitpanda Clients.  4.9. Airdrops 4.9.1. For any airdrop by Bitpanda itself ("Bitpanda Airdrop") Bitpanda automatically books the respective Token or any other digital information unit distributed in such Bitpanda Airdrop to the respective Bitpanda Client Account.  4.9.2. For any airdrop by persons other than Bitpanda, Bitpanda does not automatically credit any Token or any other digital information unit to the respective Bitpanda Client Account. You have to monitor any airdrop possibilities yourself and if you want to participate in such airdrops you must withdraw the respective Token from the Bitpanda system and book it into the respective system which you think fits to participate in such airdrops. Bitpanda does not provide advice on  other airdrops or on ways to participate in such airdrops and you move the Token at your own risk out of a Bitpanda System. Bitpanda does not and will not inform you on airdrops other than Bitpanda Airdrops. 5. Bitpanda Fork Policies 5.1. Bitpanda applies the fork policy as attached hereto in Annex III ("Bitpanda Fork Policy") and you accept the Bitpanda Fork Policy as part of the GTC. 6. BITPANDA TO GO 6.1. Bitpanda Systems offer vouchers, which can be used by you in exchange for Token on Bitpanda Systems ("Bitpanda To Go" or "Token-Voucher"). 6.2. 'Bitpanda To Go' is distributed via partner firms and can be exclusively used within a Bitpanda System after having become a Bitpanda Client.  6.3. Each Token Voucher has to be used in one single transaction. This means that the Token Voucher may not be split up for different transactions but may be used only for one single Bitpanda Client Offer. The exchange rates at the time of the use of the Token Voucher via Bitpanda Systems (and not at the time of the purchase of the Token Voucher) apply. 6.4. Each Token Voucher is valid only for a period of 3 years after the date of purchase of such Token Voucher. 6.5. Each Token Voucher is individualised and there is no possibility to recover any damaged Token Voucher or lost Token Voucher. Any such purchaser of Token Voucher is solely liable to keep the Token Voucher in such condition that it can further be used in the Bitpanda System. Bitpanda assumes no liability for any damage or loss (including theft) of any Token Voucher by a purchaser of such Token Voucher and Bitpanda assumes no liability for any circumstances which are in the Token Voucher purchaser's sphere resulting in the fact that the Token Voucher cannot be used in a Bitpanda System. 7. Bitpanda Index 7.1. Bitpanda Systems offer the option to purchase, sell or exchange several E-Token in one transaction via the "Bitpanda Index". To exchange and purchase/sell via Bitpanda Index, the respective provisions in section 3 (in particular 3.1.1., 3.1.2. and 3.1.3.) of these general terms and conditions shall apply equally. 7.2.By using Bitpanda Index, you can create a number of Bitpanda customer offers with one 'click' and purchase, sell or exchange E-Token according to a predefined allocation of funds. This means that the Bitpanda customer creates combined Bitpanda customer offers for E-Token according to the allocation of funds they have selected. 7.3. Bitpanda Systems offer different allocations of funds from which Bitpanda customers can choose freely and independently. The weighting of the allocation of funds and the respective (re)calculation of the allocation of funds is carried out by external partners who are independent of Bitpanda ("Index Provider") and Bitpanda has no influence on this. You acknowledge and accept that the allocation of funds is not created by Bitpanda itself and that the unlimited availability of the allocation of funds in Bitpanda Systems cannot be guaranteed at all times. In particular, Bitpanda reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify or terminate the offered allocation of funds at any time and to exclude or remove individual tokens from the allocation of funds or not to include individual tokens in the allocation of funds if there are important reasons for this (e.g. regulatory requirements). Bitpanda ensures that neither financial instruments nor other regulated financial products are included in an allocation of funds. 7.4. The current balance of E-Token held using Bitpanda Index is recorded and displayed in a separate wallet in the respective Bitpanda customer account ("Index Wallet"). You, as a Bitpanda customer, do not purchase a complete product or an index-representing token, but individual E-Token according to the allocation of funds you have selected (e.g. BCI5). 7.5. The allocation of funds provided by Bitpanda Systems are adjusted to the parameters (e.g. market capitalisation) specified in the respective allocation of funds ("Rebalancing") pursuant to a predefined period of time (e.g. at the end of the month). Rebalancing creates corresponding Bitpanda customer offers for the exchange, purchase or sale of E-Token recorded and displayed in the Index Wallet. You hereby confirm and grant Bitpanda the right to carry out the corresponding and periodic exchange, purchase and/or sale orders for E-Token according to the allocation of funds you have selected. In addition, you accept and agree to pay all applicable fees in connection with the exchange, purchase and/or sale orders placed in the Rebalancing process. Rebalancing will generally take place no later than four business days after the end of a period. Bitpanda reserves the right, however, to only execute exchange, buy or sell orders within the scope of Rebalancing at its sole discretion once certain minimum sizes per order have been reached. You are aware and hereby confirm that the rebalancing may have tax implications for you as a Bitpanda customer (see point 13.1. ix). 7.6. It can sometimes be the case that certain E-Token included in the allocation of funds are not offered in Bitpanda Systems. In such cases, Bitpanda will take appropriate steps to integrate these E-Token into Bitpanda Systems within a reasonable period of time. Should Bitpanda have successfully completed the integration of the respective E-Token, this E-Token will be added to the next Rebalancing and the corresponding Index Wallet at the price displayed in Bitpanda Systems on the day of the subsequent Rebalancing. The actual extent to which E-Token are integrated into Bitpanda Systems (e.g. trading options, wallet services) is at Bitpanda's sole discretion. In particular, Bitpanda reserves the right not to provide a separate wallet in Bitpanda Systems for certain E-token included in an allocation of funds; in such cases you can only exchange the respective E-Token for other Tokens available in Bitpanda Systems. 7.7. You can exchange the E-Token recorded and displayed in the Index Wallet for other Tokens at any time by creating a corresponding Bitpanda customer offer. Such a Bitpanda customer offer must refer to either (i) the total number of E-Token displayed and recorded in the Index Wallet or (ii) a proportionate number of E-Token displayed and recorded in the Index Wallet corresponding to the ratio of the selected allocation of funds. You confirm and accept that such customer offer - in total or proportionate - may only be possible above a certain minimum amount. It is not possible to exchange individual E-Token which are displayed and booked in the Index Wallet. Alternatively, you can transfer the E-Token recorded and displayed in the Index Wallet directly to the corresponding wallet in your Bitpanda customer account. 7.8. You acknowledge and accept that Bitpanda Index can be terminated or discontinued at any time. If Bitpanda Index is terminated, Bitpanda will inform you of any such termination within a reasonable period of time. You can then either sell or exchange (Swap) the Tokens displayed and booked in the Index Wallet or transfer them to the corresponding Wallet on your customer account. If you do not take action, Bitpanda will credit the equivalent value (pursuant to the prices displayed and offered within Bitpanda systems) of the displayed Tokens and held in the Index Wallet to your Wallet or Fiat Wallet within a reasonable period of time (and deduct the respective fees incurred for this). This is done at Bitpanda's sole discretion. This notice period may also be waived for important reasons. 7.9. The E-Token recorded and displayed in the Index Wallet can neither be sent to other Bitpanda customers nor to wallet addresses outside of Bitpanda Systems. Partial removal of individual E-Token is also excluded. 8. Prices, Payment Conditions, Exchange and Transfer Conditions 8.1. Prices and/or exchange rates published in connection with the Final Offer Click are final and binding for the Bitpanda Client Offer (each a "Final Rate"). 8.2. Final Rates contain the following parts, which are shown on the webpage of the Final Offer Click: 8.2.1. if you want to purchase F-Token: i. offered amount in a currency that is legal tender ii. F-Token received if the offer is accepted by Bitpanda iii. Final Rate, being the sum of items i-iii above 8.2.2. if you want to exchange F-Token for E-Token or A-Token: i. offered F-Token ii. E-Token or A-Token received if the offer is accepted by Bitpanda iii. Final Rate, being the sum of items i-ii above 8.2.3. if you want to exchange E-Token or A-Token for F-Token: i. offered E-Token or A-Token ii. F-Token received if the offer is accepted by Bitpanda iii. Final Rate, being the sum of items i-ii above 8.2.4. if you want to exchange E-Token or A-Token for another different E-Token or A-Token: i. offered E-Token or A-Token ii. E-Token or A-Token received if the offer is accepted by Bitpanda iii. Final Rate, being the sum of points i-ii above 8.2.5. if you want to exchange F-Token for another different F-Token: i. offered F-Token ii. other different F-Token received if the offer is accepted by Bitpanda iii. Final Rate, being the sum of points i-ii above 8.2.6. if you want to use Bitpanda Savings: i. offered amount in a currency that is legal tender ii. E-Token or A-Token received if the offer is accepted by Bitpanda and pursuant to the applicable exchange rates listed on Bitpanda Systems at the time of CCOFA which occurs at the latest within 72 hours after the point in time specified by you in advance iii. Final Rate, being the sum of points i-ii above 8.3. In general, each Bitpanda Client Offer must at least have a monetary value (based on the figures used by Bitpanda System), stated by the respective Final Rate of EUR 1.00. You accept and acknowledge that for certain Token the minimal monetary value may be higher than EUR 1.00 (if this is the case, the minimal monetary value will be shown in Bitpanda Systems before making a Bitpanda Client Offer). 8.4. Payments in a currency which is legal tender to and from Bitpanda to and from you, are transferred by the respective payment service provider and not by Bitpanda itself. 8.5. Transfers of Token are conducted by Bitpanda within Bitpanda Systems. 8.6. Final Rates and/or any other payments or services have to be paid and/or transferred by you immediately after the Final Offer Click. 8.7. In case of using Bitpanda Savings, you can choose between SEPA Direct Debit mandate or recurring credit card debiting as payment method: 8.7.1. SEPA Direct Debit mandate: The respective payment amount is immediately payable and due for collection on the respective collection time, which Bitpanda can freely determine in advance. By using SEPA Direct Debit mandate, you hereby revocably grant Bitpanda or a company affiliated with Bitpanda a SEPA Direct Debit mandate in order to collect the payments payable by you when due from your specified account by means of a recurring and regular SEPA Direct Debit mandate. You acknowledge and agree that the time of collection from your bank account may be up to ten days prior to the respective recurring purchase time specified by you. You hereby also authorise your bank to redeem the Direct Debits. Your bank is also entitled to decline Direct Debits, especially if your account does not have sufficient cover. You have the right to initiate a chargeback to your account within 56 calendar days (8 weeks) from the debit date without stating any reasons (“Direct Debit Chargeback”). In such case, the terms and conditions as agreed by you with your bank apply. Please note: The claim due, according to the Final Rate accepted and confirmed by you in the Multiple Debit Order (as defined in section 8.2.7.) will remain payable in case of a Direct Debit Chargeback. Since you have been informed of the amount and the debit dates accordingly, you revocably waive the right to obtain pre-notifications before collections of Direct Debits are made. You are obliged to provide sufficient funds on your account on the due date. If collection via SEPA Direct Debit mandate is not possible (e.g. bank refuses or rejects the Direct Debit), you will bear any resulting costs (e.g. bank fees) and you authorise Bitpanda to execute a Direct Debit again on a later date. This also applies to all costs incurred to Bitpanda in connection with a Direct Debit Chargeback and/or revocation of a SEPA Direct Debit mandate. You authorise and grant Bitpanda the right to deduct such costs directly from any of your Token. The provisions as set forth in section 8.9. and 8.10. apply equally in these cases. You are aware and accept that the initial setup of a SEPA Direct Debit mandate may take up to ten calendar days after submitting your necessary data to Bitpanda until it is fully implemented and hence, Direct Debits can be executed (the same applies in  case you amend the amount of your Multiple Debit Order). 8.7.2. Recurring credit card payment: The respective payment amount is immediately payable and due for collection on the respective recurring purchase point in time specified by you in advance. Hence, you authorise Bitpanda to charge your credit card accordingly and in accordance with the general terms and conditions applicable for your credit card. You are obliged to provide sufficient funds on your credit card on the due date. If collection by credit card is not possible (e.g. insufficient funds), you will bear any resulting costs (e.g. credit card fees). In such a case, the provisions of point 8.9. and 8.10. apply equally.  8.7.3. If execution of a Multiple Debit Order is not possible, for whatever reason, no E-Token will be credited to your Bitpanda Client Account. In such a case, Bitpanda will notify you by e-mail of the failure of executing the order.  8.7.4. You may revoke a Multiple Debit Order issued by SEPA Direct Debit or credit card at any time. A revocation of the SEPA Direct Debit mandate shall take effect no later than two Business Days after your revocation was communicated to us. Please note that your Multiple Debit Order issued via SEPA Direct Debit mandate will still be executed after revocation or pause, provided that your revocation or pause falls between the time of collection from your bank account and the respective recurring purchase time. 8.7.5. Bitpanda is entitled to refuse the Bitpanda Savings service to individual Bitpanda Clients for objective reasons.  8.8. Until the purchase price, including all fees and expenses, and/or any other outstanding amounts and/or claims have been fully paid, or any Token in exchange have been fully transferred to Bitpanda, any Token or proceeds thereof, remain the property of Bitpanda (Reservation of Title; Eigentumsvorbehalt) and Bitpanda has a right of retention (Zurückbehaltungsrecht) regarding the Token of the respective Bitpanda Client. This reservation remains in force regardless of any form of processing or blending of goods, which may take place in any location worldwide.  8.9. Your payment/transfer is delayed if the respective payment/transfer is not booked on Bitpanda's accounts (including Wallets and storages of Bitpanda) at the time when the respective CCOFA (as set forth under item 3.1.5.) has been completed by Bitpanda or a collection via SEPA Direct Debit mandate cannot be fulfilled (see point 8.7.). Bitpanda cannot be in delay because Bitpanda either accepts an offer by completing the respective CCOFA or denies an offer in all other cases of not completing the respective CCOFA.  8.10. In the case you are in delay with your transfer, Bitpanda may charge reminder fees to a reasonable relation to the amount in delay/value of transferred Token in delay and as far as such fees are necessary to cover adequate costs of Bitpanda to administer such delay and enforce Bitpanda's rights (a total amount of at least EUR 5.00 up to a maximum of EUR 15.00 will be charged). In case the respective Bitpanda Client does not settle debts within a reasonable time, Bitpanda reserves the right to entrust a debt collection agency with the collection of the claimed debt. In such case(s) Bitpanda will additionally charge EUR 5.00 processing fee for claims between EUR 0 and EUR 500.00 and EUR 10.00 processing fee for claims of more than EUR 500.00. Furthermore, any additional expenses charged by the debt collection agency towards Bitpanda complying with the "Verordnung des Bundesministers für wirtschaftliche Angelegenheiten über die Höchstsätze der Inkassoinstituten gebührenden Vergütungen" (BGBI Nr. 141/1996 idgF), will be charged to the Bitpanda Client, as long as these are reasonable and necessary to cover adequate prosecution costs. If you do not settle your debts within a reasonable period of time, Bitpanda may set off due claims against counterclaims of any kind against you as a customer. 8.11. Bitpanda allows within the single account rule (item 4.1.) also only a single match between a Bitpanda Client Account and a payment service provider account (e.g. bank account, Neteller account, etc). Respectively any account with a payment service provider may be used only by one single Bitpanda Client. The name of the payment service user must match the name of the Bitpanda Client attached to the respective Bitpanda Client Account. 8.12. You have to fully comply with the data disclosure requirements in the payment processes, in particular when paying via SEPA. If you do not comply with the data disclosure requirements Bitpanda cannot match the respective payment with your Bitpanda Client Account with the consequence that Bitpanda has to start a manual tracking process, for which Bitpanda shall charge you a processing fee in addition to any damage claims (if any) according to item 4.3. above. 8.13. Bitpanda reserves the right in all cases where a failure occurs with respect to payments from Bitpanda to you, which is in your sphere (e.g. incorrect IBAN provided by you or technical failure of your payment service provider, etc) to transfer instead (parts of) available F-Token having the same value in a currency which is legal tender at the time when the failure has occurred. The received F-Token completely replace the payment without any further claim. 8.14. Bitpanda reserves the right to change, amend and/or disallow accepted payment methods at its own discretion. 8.15. In the case of transferring E-Token from and to a Bitpanda System to an external blockchain, meaning out of or into a Bitpanda System,  8.15.1. transaction fees or miner-fees may occur, which must be settled directly by the Bitpanda Client. 8.15.2. the transaction-ID, as generated by the network, serves as irrefutable proof of the completed transfer of E-Token from Bitpanda to Bitpanda Client's last disclosed wallet-address. Such transaction-ID will also be communicated to the Bitpanda Client's last disclosed email address as part of a delivery confirmation email. 8.15.3. the transaction is completed and cannot be reversed once the transaction appears on an external blockchain network. You are aware and accept that from this point onwards Bitpanda has no influence anymore on the transaction and whether or not you have access to such transferred E-Token via your last disclosed wallet-address. You are aware and accept that the transfer can only be accepted by a confirmation on the blockchain and that Bitpanda assumes no liability whatsoever that such confirmation is given. You assume full responsibility for the receipt of the adequate transaction confirmation by an external blockchain. 8.15.4. upon the transfer of the E-Token out of a Bitpanda System the assumption of risk, especially the risk of deterioration and loss, passes to you. 8.16. You are solely responsible for the accuracy of your own wallet-addresses outside of a Bitpanda System and for ensuring that they are correct and kept up to date. This applies in particular to a transfer from a certain E-Token to a wallet-address which is meant for another E-Token (e.g. Bitcoin to Litecoin). Should the E-Token be transferred to your last disclosed wallet address, the E-Token cannot be transferred back or sent to another wallet-address. Bitpanda assumes no liability whatsoever for any failures with respect to wallet addresses outside of a Bitpanda System.  8.17. Your wallet-addresses within the Bitpanda system are not final and irrevocable. Therefore, you acknowledge and accept that a wallet and/or wallet-address created by you or assigned to you may be deleted or changed by Bitpanda if you have not used this wallet-address within a period of 6 months since the last use. Therefore, it is recommended to check your wallet-address regularly and especially before making deposits. 8.18. You are obliged to ensure that in the case of E-Token refunds which are made by third parties onto the hot wallet of Bitpanda, that these transactions can be assigned faultlessly to you. Such a case may occur, when you transfer E-Token from Bitpanda's hot wallet to a third party and the recipient sends the appropriate refunds back to Bitpanda’s hot wallet.  9. Right of withdrawal 9.1. You must explicitly give up your 14-day right of withdrawal, from which consumers benefit according to section 11 of the "Fern- und Auswärtsgeschäfte-Gesetz" (the "FAGG"), in order to allow Bitpanda in accordance with section 18 para 1 no 11 FAGG to transfer E-Token or any other cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units (as digital content not stored on a physical data carrier) before the right of withdrawal expires. Bitpanda Systems transmit a confirmation of the closed contract to the respective Bitpanda Client according to section 5 para 2 of the FAGG immediately after the CCOFA. 9.2. You explicitly acknowledge and hereby agree that you have no right to withdraw from a Bitpanda Client Offer for A-Token, as for making such an offer, the exception of the withdrawal right according to section 10 no 1 and no 2 of the “Fern-Finanzdienstleistungs-Gesetz“ (the “FernFinG”) applies. 10. Bitpanda Pro 10.1. In addition to the services outlined in item 3. Bitpanda offers an exchange service enabling you to obtain prices for your purchases and sales of E-Token via Bitpanda Pro (https://exchange.bitpanda.com or its associated APIs). Bitpanda Pro provides an order book exchange platform for various E-Token and F-Token trading pairs and eligible Bitpanda Clients may use this service.  10.2. Persons interested in using Bitpanda Pro have to be a Bitpanda Client in order to create a “Bitpanda Pro Exchange Account”. You fund your Bitpanda Pro Account by depositing (i) E-Token and/or F-Token via your Bitpanda Client Account (see point 4.), (ii) supported Token from an external wallet or (iii) directly via available payment service providers pursuant to point 8. You can only use your funds in your Bitpanda Pro Account to trade on Bitpanda Pro. In order to withdraw E-Token and/or F-Token from your Bitpanda Pro Account you have to transfer such Token to your Bitpanda Client Account or F-Token via available payment service providers. You are aware and accept that you cannot withdraw any Token that are held in Open Orders. 10.3. Whenever you access Bitpanda Pro (through https://exchange.bitpanda.com or its associated APIs) you accept and agree to this GTC and the applicable trading rules as outlined in Annex II (“Trade Rules”) which are an integral part of this GTC. Further, you accept and agree to pay all applicable fees in connection with your order(s) placed on Bitpanda Pro. In particular, you authorise Bitpanda to automatically deduct fees from your Bitpanda Pro Account or Bitpanda Client Account, in case the Bitpanda Pro Account has insufficient funds. You empower and grant Bitpanda the right to deduct such fees from your E-Token. If no E-Token is available, then the equivalent value will be deducted from available token on your Bitpanda Accounts. You find the current rates of the Bitpanda Pro trading fees displayed on Bitpanda’s website. 11. Bitpanda Card 11.1. If you sign up to use the digital asset-backed debit card service (“Bitpanda Card”) the following terms will apply and you expressly agree to these terms and conditions. 11.2. In order to provide the Bitpanda Card Service to you, we have partnered with UAB Finansinės paslaugos, company code 304406236, registered in the commercial register of the Republic of Lithuania, having a head office at Mėnulio g. 11-101, Vilnius, Lithuania (“Contis”). Contis is the issuer of the Bitpanda Card and is a member of the Visa card schemes (‘Visa’), which will be used to enable your Bitpanda Card to operate as a regular debit card. When you sign up for the Bitpanda Card you also agree to the Contis Bitpanda Card Account Terms and Conditions (available at https://www.bitpanda.com/en/legal#terms-contis) and Contis Privacy Policy (available at https://www.bitpanda.com/en/legal#privacy-contis). 11.3. To be able to sign up and use the Bitpanda Card you must (i) have a fully verified Bitpanda Client Account, (ii) be a resident in the Euro Area (i.e. resident of a European Union Member State that has adopted the euro as its currency), (iii) have assets (i.e. any kind of offered and available token within the Bitpanda system) worth an equivalent value of at least EUR 100.00 within the Bitpanda system (including Bitpanda Pro) and (iv) have downloaded and installed the Bitpanda mobile app. 11.4. You can order a Bitpanda Card only on your legal name as registered with your Bitpanda Client Account. Therefore, please make sure your name registered with Bitpanda is spelled correctly. You acknowledge and accept that you are only allowed to order and have one active Bitpanda Card per Bitpanda Client Account. 11.5. You can only use your Bitpanda Card at places where Visa credit and debit card payments are accepted. Please note that you can connect up to two specific assets of your choice to your Bitpanda Card. The default asset that you connect to your Bitpanda Card is called the “Main payment asset” (e.g. your E-Token wallet for Bitcoin) and the optional asset that will be used as a fallback asset is called the “Fallback payment asset” (e.g. your E-Token wallet for Ethereum). Please make sure to always have sufficient funding on your Main payment asset or Fallback payment asset as transactions can only be completed successfully if you have enough funds on these two assets. If a payment is too big to be covered by the connected Main payment asset, the full amount will be deducted from the Fallback payment asset. This helps to avoid failed transactions if your Main payment asset runs low on funds. If neither the Main payment asset nor the Fallback payment asset cover the transaction costs (including fees), then the transaction will be cancelled and fail, and your card will be declined at the respective point of sale. 11.6. Any payments and transactions made via your Bitpanda Card will be facilitated in EUR. This means that whenever you use (i.e. purchase or ATM withdrawal) your Bitpanda Card the following happens: i. If you connected an asset other than a euro wallet as your Main payment asset and/or Fallback payment asset, then the respective amount will be automatically sold from your connected Main or Fallback payment asset to your euro wallet. You hereby grant Bitpanda the right to conduct such automatic sales (including trading premiums). The sale will be performed in accordance with item 3.1.1 and item 8.2.4 of these GTCs. ii. The respective amount sold to your euro wallet will then be deducted from your euro wallet to settle your purchase or transaction for which you used the Bitpanda Card. 11.7. Whenever you use your Bitpanda Card and your connected Main payment asset and/or Fallback payment asset is deducted from a wallet other than a euro wallet, your respective Token will be sold and converted to your euro wallet. For such a sale, the standard Bitpanda premium structure is applied. Besides the trading premium, an additional ATM withdrawal fee and a foreign exchange fee is applied. Fees may vary depending on your BEST VIP Level. You can find a detailed overview of all the fees here bitpanda.com/card#fees. 11.8. Please note that for certain payments and transactions such as reservations for hotels or car rentals or any other kind of deposits, we have to deduct the value of the respective payment upfront. This means that the sale from your chosen Main payment asset and/or Fallback payment asset to your euro Wallet and the respective EUR deduction will simultaneously take place at the time you initiate such a payment or transaction. 11.9. You acknowledge and accept that certain limits (such as but not limited to spending limits, ATM withdrawal limits, the number of transactions you may perform within a specific time frame) may be applied. Furthermore, you acknowledge that such limits may change and/or be amended at any time at Bitpanda’s sole discretion. 11.10. Bitpanda clients who are considered BEST VIPS are eligible to receive cashback on purchases conducted with the Bitpanda Card, if the chosen and connected Main payment asset and Fallback payment asset is an asset other than a fiat wallet (“Cashback”). Any Cashback will be credited and paid out solely in BTC. The Cashback amount you may receive is a specific percentage of your purchase conducted with the Bitpanda Card and depends on your BEST VIP level. You hereby acknowledge and accept that the Cashback feature itself, amounts of Cashback and/or forms of payouts of potential Cashback may be amended, changed or terminated at any time at Bitpanda’s sole discretion and you do not have a legal claim against Bitpanda to receive any kind of Cashback in any form. The Cashback will be credited directly to your BTC wallet on Bitpanda after each successful transaction conducted with your Bitpanda Card. You acknowledge and agree that the crediting of the Cashback may be delayed and Bitpanda shall not be liable for any losses arising out of or in connection with a late credit of Cashback (e.g. losses due to price changes). 11.11. If your BEST VIP level changes before 11:00 PM CET, such a change will be reflected in your card conditions after 23:59 CET of the same day the level changes. For example, if you go from BEST VIP level 1 to level 2 on Monday, at 16:00 CET, then all new BEST VIP benefits for your Bitpanda Card will start to apply on the same Monday, at 23:59 CET. Any changes in your BEST VIP level after 11 PM CET will be applied at 23:59 CET on the next day after such a change. 11.12. Once a transaction has been completed successfully, there will be an entry in your Bitpanda history, showing all transactions (including Cashback) conducted using your Bitpanda Card. Bitpanda will strive to ensure that the transactions shown in the Bitpanda history and in your dashboard are current and accurate at all times. However, due to technical or other issues, discrepancies between the transactions shown in the Bitpanda history and the actual transaction might occur. You hereby acknowledge and accept that Bitpanda will not be liable for any direct or indirect losses resulting out of any discrepancies between your Bitpanda history and the actual transaction. 11.13. If a transaction fails, you will receive a push notification (given you have enabled push notifications) with instructions on how to proceed. Most payments may fail due to insufficient funds in your connected wallet. Make sure you have enough funds in your chosen Main payment asset and/or Fallback payment asset to cover the payment amount. Transactions will also fail if you exceed your daily card limits, if your card is blocked or any other reason (such as but not limited to: you have entered an incorrect pin, your Main payment asset and/or Fallback payment asset was in maintenance mode while initiating the payment, a technical issue occurred on the merchant’s side, etc). You acknowledge and accept that Bitpanda will not be liable for any direct or indirect losses resulting out of any failed transaction for any reason. 11.14. If you receive a refund (for inter alia security deposits, cancelled transactions, chargebacks) such a refund will always be credited to your euro wallet, excluding Bitpanda trading- and transaction premiums. If you have received Cashback for purchases that are, for whatever reason, refunded, you hereby grant Bitpanda the right to deduct the received Cashback directly from your euro wallet. If your euro wallet has insufficient funds, the equivalent value will be deducted from the available Token on your Bitpanda Account. Furthermore, you grant Bitpanda the right to deduct funds from the available Token on your Bitpanda Account, should you have used your Bitpanda Card successfully (e.g. offline) without having enough assets on your Main or Fallback payment asset. 11.15. From time to time, Bitpanda may add new services and promotions for the Bitpanda Card and will announce them to you accordingly. All such new services and promotions may be amended, changed or terminated anytime at Bitpanda’s sole discretion and you do not have a legal claim against Bitpanda to receive any kind of said new services and promotions in any form. 11.16. If you lost your Bitpanda Card, or your Bitpanda Card was stolen, we highly recommend to instantly block the Bitpanda Card in your Bitpanda mobile app. Bitpanda will not bear any losses or damages caused due to lost or stolen cards. In some instances, we will need to block the card for you. This could happen for, inter alia, the following reasons: You have entered the CVV incorrectly 3 times and/or you have entered the PIN incorrectly 3 times. Replacements for stolen or lost Bitpanda Cards may be charged with a service fee from Bitpanda. If you received a replacement for your Bitpanda Card, you must destroy and must not use your old Bitpanda Card. 11.17. Your Bitpanda Card will renew automatically after three years and a new card will be sent to you at no additional cost. For further information regarding termination please see item 13. and 19 of Contis Bitpanda Card Account Terms and Conditions. 11.18. Please note that Bitpanda, together with Visa, makes every possible effort to use state-of-the-art technology to keep your Bitpanda Card as safe as possible. We would urge you to also use your Bitpanda Card cautiously and apply the necessary safety measures. Therefore, we highly recommend keeping the following in mind: Never share your CVV, PIN or SMS codes with anyone else. Bitpanda staff members will never ask for your CVV, PIN or SMS code. It is up to you to keep your card safe and Bitpanda does not take any responsibility for any mistakes or carelessness that may occur on your behalf. 11.19. With the Bitpanda Card, we strive to make it as easy and convenient for you to spend your digital assets in real life. By doing so, we encourage you to also use your Bitpanda Card in line with this intended purpose (“Fair-Use-Policy”). Therefore, Bitpanda reserves the right to withdraw or disqualify you from using Bitpanda Card and/or exclude you from receiving any kind of Cashback, if you are having mainly and/or consistently set your euro wallet as Main payment asset, and/or if you use the Bitpanda Card in any other harmful way or if you breach any of the clauses set forth in this GTCs or any other Terms of Bitpanda Group or its partners or subsidiaries. 12. Data Protection 12.1. In the course of delivering the negotiated services, Bitpanda is compliant with the GDPR as set forth in the Data Protection Terms.  13. Risks 13.1. You as a Bitpanda Client understand and accept the following risks in connection with using Bitpanda Systems. In particular, but without being limited to these examples, you understand the inherent risks set forth above and hereinafter: i. Risk of software weaknesses: The underlying software application and software platform, the Bitpanda Systems, mobile applications and System technology, the smart contract systems and other involved software and technology and technical concepts and theories are still in an early development stage and unproven. There is no guarantee or warranty that the process for receipt, use and ownership of any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units will be uninterrupted or error-free and there is an inherent risk that the software and related technologies and theories could contain weaknesses, vulnerabilities or bugs causing, inter alia, the complete loss of any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units, in particular but not limited to token, Euros or any value of any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units. ii. Regulatory risk: Blockchain technologies allow new forms of interaction. It is possible that certain jurisdictions will apply existing regulations, or introduce new regulations addressing, on blockchain technology-based applications, which may have negative influence on the current setup of the systems and which may, inter alia, result in substantial modifications to the/any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units or any value which any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units might have. Bitpanda and any of its affiliates intend to design, modify and/or adapt the Bitpanda System technology in such a way that financial market rules are either not applicable on any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units and/or Bitpanda System technology or if financial market rules are applicable, Bitpanda will make every effort to always adhere to and to be compliant with any form of applicable regulation. Respectively within the regulatory risk category, including changes in the Bitpanda System technology with respect to such adaptions, amendments and re-designs may cause termination or the loss of any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units or any value which any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units might have. iii. Risk of abandonment/lack of success: The allocation of any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units and the development of the any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units technologies might be abandoned for a number of reasons, including lack of interest from industry, community and/or the public, lack of funding, lack of commercial success or prospects (e.g. caused by competing projects). Respectively even if Bitpanda System technology is partially or fully developed and launched, it could happen that any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units do not receive any functionality. iv. Risk of theft and internet vulnerability: The underlying software application and software platform, the Bitpanda System technology, the smart contract system(s), other involved software, other technology components and/or platforms may be exposed to electronic or physical attacks that could result in the theft or loss of Tokens, or the theft or loss of private data, impacting the ability to develop, launch or use Bitpanda System technology. You should be aware that SMS/messages and email services are vulnerable to spoofing and phishing attacks and should use care in reviewing messages purporting to originate from Bitpanda or Bitpanda Metals GmbH.  You should always log into your Bitpanda Client Account through https://www.bitpanda.com to review any transactions or required actions if you have any uncertainty regarding the authenticity of any communication or notice. You should note that phishing attacks often occur despite SMS or email or equivalent services, via search engines or ads in search engines, or other fraudulent links. Neither Bitpanda nor Bitpanda Metals GmbH take any responsibility for lost Token or any other funds due to spoofing, phishing or other equivalent attacks. v. Risk of blockchain mining attacks: As with any other public blockchain-based systems, the Bitpanda System technology may be susceptible to attacks including but not limited to double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, “selfish-mining” attacks, and race condition attacks or any other mining or non-mining related attacks. Any successful attacks present a risk to the Bitpanda System technology, expected proper execution and sequencing of cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units transactions and expected proper execution and sequencing of software computations. vi. Risk of depreciation in value/extreme volatility: As cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units are not widely regulated the value of cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units is assessed differently. The value of cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units in whatever form and any Token might experience extreme volatility and/or the value of cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units might decline to zero. As additional cost with respect to regulatory or other risks might be triggered – and if such cost are added for the purpose of calculation to the value of cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units (whatever value you might give to the cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units) – cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units might also decline in their value to zero. vii. General risk: There is no guarantee/warranty whatsoever on Tokens and/or the success of the Bitpanda System technology, expressed or implied, to the extent permitted by law, and that any Tokens are created and obtained at the sole risk of the Bitpanda Client on an “as is” and “under development” basis and without, to the extent permitted by law, any guarantees/warranties of any kind, including, but not limited to, warranties of title or implied warranties, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose; viii. Market and community risk: You are aware of the risks of soft and hard forks and splitting including the broad possible changes to Bitpanda System technology which might be imposed by the market or community on Bitpanda/Bitpanda System technology. Market and community risk may also be triggered and accelerated via communities that come together, for example in online forums, to discuss certain investment opportunities and products with the intention of placing jointly organised buy and sell orders which may lead to strong price fluctuations which carry a high risk of loss. ix. Tax risk: The tax consequences of the allocation or purchase of Token (in whatever form) as well as the exchange of Token, the holding of Token (in whatever form), the alienation of Token (in whatever form) and/or any other action or transaction related to Tokens may have tax implications at the level of a Bitpanda Client; therefore, you should contact your own tax advisors on the tax consequences in connection with the Tokens and the Bitpanda System technology; by making a Bitpanda Client Offer to Bitpanda, using Bitpanda Pro and/or by receiving, using or holding Token, and to the extent permitted by law, you agree not to hold any associated party (including Bitpanda, Bitpanda's auditors, Bitpanda's contractors, Bitpanda's advisors, Bitpanda's employees or Bitpanda's founders) liable for any tax liability associated with or arising from making an Bitpanda Client Offer, using Bitpanda Pro, the allocation, use or ownership of Token or any other action or transaction related to Token. 14. Warnings 14.1. Investing in Token offered on the Bitpanda Systems is highly speculative with a risk of loss of the entire capital invested. Such investment is only suitable for users, who can bear a loss of the entire invested capital. 14.2. Investing in cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units means investing in something totally new and unpredictable. Such investment is only suitable for users, who want to take maximum risk. 14.3. Cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units are no currencies or means of payment and are neither accepted by states, central banks nor must a private person accept them in any way. 14.4. Bitpanda does not take any responsibility for the prices of precious metals and you trade in precious metals at your behalf and risk.  14.5. Bitpanda does not take any responsibility for cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units that are or tend to be collateralised, backed or pegged by a currency that is legal tender or any other asset of whatever form (e.g. stablecoins) as all actions in connection to such cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units are in the sole responsibility of its issuer and Bitpanda has no discretion over such actions. You agree and confirm that such cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units are collateralised, backed or pegged solely by the issuer and not by Bitpanda itself. Therefore, you cannot redeem or convert such cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units with Bitpanda. 14.6. You use the offered Bitpanda Systems at your own risk. 15. Miscellaneous 15.1. Bitpanda manages the Bitpanda Systems with due care. Nevertheless, systems for the exchange of Token combine various new fields of experimental technology and it is very likely that interruptions, failures and other problems occur. Neither Bitpanda nor any of its affiliates gives any guarantee with respect to finding solutions for any such problems as soon as possible. Bitpanda and Bitpanda Metals GmbH assume no responsibility other than to try to find solutions and therefore assumes no liability whatsoever for any damage caused by interruptions of a Bitpanda System because any such interruptions are immanent in an experimental field of technology. 15.2. You are aware that technology-based systems like Bitpanda Systems need maintenance work and development work and that for such work interruptions of the systems (planned and unplanned) are necessary and system immanent. 15.3. Bitpanda shall  15.3.1. via business clients only be liable for any direct and foreseeable damage in the case of intent or in cases physical damages of persons negligently caused by Bitpanda.  15.3.2. via consumers only be liable for any direct and foreseeable damage in the case of intent, gross negligence or in cases of physical damages of persons negligently caused by Bitpanda. 15.3.3. in no case be liable for indirect damages, consequential damages, especially regarding damages to other software, lost profit, pure property damages of a Bitpanda Client or third-party damage.  15.3.4. in particular not be liable for damages caused by interruptions of Bitpanda Systems which are necessary for maintenance work or to avoid network disturbances and/or which are caused by inevitable occurrences which are outside Bitpanda's and any of its affiliates' control (e.g. energy network disturbances; regulatory authority interference or on-site visits; strikes, riots, environmental causes like earthquakes, storms, etc; wars or national or international conflicts with and without arms; international or national sanctions against certain products, services, persons, countries; legal limitations to cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units at any time or place worldwide; network interference, computer failures or criminal activities through third parties (for example hacking). 15.3.5. not be liable for and cannot guarantee that the security certificates displayed on any Bitpanda System are completely secure.  15.3.6. not be liable for any loss of users' data (e.g. due to hacker attacks) which are beyond Bitpanda's and Bitpanda Metals GmbH’s sphere. A Bitpanda Client shall be informed immediately about the loss of data.  15.3.7. assume no liability for (i) stored E-Token in any hot and/or cold wallet for a Bitpanda Client; (ii) information of the Bitpanda Client used for transactions into or out of Bitpanda Systems, (iii) transactions into or out of Bitpanda Systems, (iv) a Bitpanda Client or person using websites, mobile applications or services, not provided by Bitpanda or any of its affiliates such as third party wallet services or any other services of any third party and (v) any user's login data, Bitpanda Client login data, 2FA data, or other user data. In using websites or services, not provided by Bitpanda or any of its affiliates such as wallet services or any other services of any third parties, Bitpanda and Bitpanda Metals GmbH expressly disclaim any liability for the third-party services and are not responsible for the performance of the third-party services or supplier. You as a Bitpanda Client use these services completely at your own risk. Funds sent to such third parties cannot be reverted, as these parties are not willing to. We can and will not check the reliability of these third parties. We have no obligation to contact or solve the problem with any third party. 15.4. Bitpanda undertakes to care for the E-Token stored by the Bitpanda Client to the extent to which it is reasonably technically manageable in Bitpanda Systems and endeavours to store the majority of these "cold" – meaning offline. 15.5. Tell-a-Friend Programme 15.5.1. Bitpanda offers a refer-a-friend programme for an undetermined period of time. A respective referral code for this programme can be found in the Bitpanda Client's Account. You may recommend a person to register as a new Bitpanda Client ("Promoter") and to use the Promoter's referral code ("Promoter Referral Code").  15.5.2. You, as a Promoter, receive EUR 10.00 in F-Token for every new Bitpanda Client Account created by using the Promoter Referral Code (“Promotion Award”) meeting the following requirements: The referred Bitpanda Client has to complete the verification successfully, deposit at least EUR 25.00 and purchase E-Token, A-Token or M-Token of an equivalent amount of at least EUR 25.00 via Bitpanda Broker (Bitpanda Pro excluded). Provided these requirements are met, the referred Bitpanda Client also receives EUR 10.00 as an award. These two awards will be booked in form of F-Token, respectively, and can be time-displaced. You acknowledge and accept that Bitpanda may modify or terminate the account opening bonus at any time at its sole discretion. In particular, Bitpanda reserves the right to modify or cancel both the account opening bonus for the Promoter and the amount received by the referred Bitpanda Client depending on the location/residence and/or nationality of the persons involved. 15.5.3. Within the context of this Tell-a-Friend Programme and for any other context, a Promoter may only use advertising materials provided by Bitpanda. Alterations to these materials or the use of materials created by the Promoter are strictly forbidden.   15.5.4. Spamming, cold calling or any other intrusive advertising measures are strictly forbidden.  15.5.5. Any act on behalf of Bitpanda is forbidden (e.g. sending messages on behalf or in the name of Bitpanda to persons; publishing postings or publishing any statement on behalf of Bitpanda, editing the logo(s), brands or other material of Bitpanda, promoting any discounts for the services of Bitpanda (except for discounts which are published by Bitpanda themselves)).  15.5.6. Any Promoter must refrain from any Pay Per Click (PPC) or Search Engine Marketing (SEM) activity, including but not limited to Google Adwords, Bing Ads, in terms of (i) advertising on behalf of Bitpanda and leading users directly to Bitpanda Systems, the Promoter’s website or any other third party website as a result of that paid advertising, as well as (ii) bidding on Bitpanda brand terms, including any forms of misspellings and typos, also (iii) using Bitpanda brand terms, including any misspellings or typos within the paid ads text, and (iv) directly competing against Bitpanda ads in order to show on the search results pages. 15.5.7. Any Promotion Award is booked in the Bitpanda Client Account of the Promoter and must be redeemed within 180 days by using it in exchange for E-Token, A-Token or M-Token. If a Promotion Award is not used validly within 180 days, it becomes invalid. 15.5.8. Persons with residence/seat in Germany are excluded from participation in the "Tell-a-Friend Programme" due to regulatory reasons in Germany. 15.6. You may not transfer E-Token out of the Bitpanda Systems in an ICO (Initial Coin Offering), or a comparable offer where digital currency or assets are returned, to the respective smart contract unless specifically authorised by Bitpanda. Should you do so anyway, the returned digital currency or assets will be credited to Bitpanda (see item 8.18. which applies). You accept to meet these regulations and agree to help the support with the return of the digital currency or assets. Thus, Bitpanda is entitled to a reimbursement of costs.  15.7. Bitpanda has the right to disclose any data to any competent authority if the data is requested to be disclosed by such authority in order to track or investigate any relevant cases under the Austrian Criminal Code (StGB). Bitpanda reserves the right to cooperate with such authorities to the maximum extent possible. 15.8. You accept and confirm with each transaction hereunder that you accept and confirm these GTC in the current form. 15.9. If one or more of the provisions of these GTC or one or more of the schedules hereto are or will become invalid or unenforceable, or if one or more of the provisions of these GTC or one or more of the schedules hereto are or will become incomplete, the other provisions of these GTC and the schedules hereto will remain valid without limitation, save that the main obligations of the parties hereunder remain unaffected. Such provision – having been found illegal or unenforceable in whole or in part, shall be ineffective solely to the extent of such determination of invalidity or unenforceability only with respect to the jurisdiction in which it has been found illegal or unenforceable, without having any effect on any other jurisdiction. Each invalid or unenforceable provision shall be replaced or completed by a valid and enforceable provision in such a way that the new provision closely reflects the legal and economic effects the parties have concurrently aimed at in the invalid or unenforceable provision. 15.10. Changes to and amendments of these GTC, including this clause, may be made by Bitpanda at any time and become effective at the earlier of (i) the Bitpanda Client accepts online the amended GTC or (ii) within 1 month after having published such changes or amendments. 15.11. The GTC exclusively govern the relationship between you and Bitpanda and supersede any prior statements or agreements. Any terms and conditions (AGB) of you are excluded from being applicable on the relationship between you and Bitpanda. 15.12. The failure of Bitpanda to enforce or to exercise, at any time or for any period of time any term of or any right or remedy arising pursuant to or under the GTC shall not constitute, and shall not be construed as, a waiver of such term or right or remedy and shall in no way affect Bitpanda's right to enforce or exercise it later, provided that such right is not time barred, expired or precluded. Any waiver to this effect must be explicitly made in writing. 15.13. Bitpanda and you agree on English language with respect to our communication. Subject to the German terms in brackets referring to Austrian legal terms (which shall be interpreted only with respect to their meaning under Austrian law and with respect to the German language term in brackets), any other language used shall be only used for purposes of convenience. Respectively every communication or notice shall be made in English language. The English language version of these GTC is the prevailing version. 15.14. The GTC and any transaction hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Austria to the exclusion of the provisions of the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods and without giving effect to any statutory conflict of law provisions or rules that would cause the application of the law of any jurisdiction other than Austria. 15.15. Any and all disputes or divergences or claims shall be exclusively dealt with the court having pertinent competence for 1010 Vienna.
Definitions  In the GTC, the following terms have the meanings specified or referred to in the following overview and shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms.
Annex I 2FA means the proof of identity of a Bitpanda Client by combining two different and independent components (factors). A-Token has the meaning given to it in point 3.1. Bitpanda has the meaning given to it in point 1.1. Bitpanda Airdrop is the free distribution of token to existing wallet addresses of Bitpanda itself.  Bitpanda Card has the meaning given to it in point 11.1. Bitpanda Client has the meaning given to it in point 2.1. Bitpanda Client Account has the meaning given to it in point 4.1. Bitpanda Client Offer has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.4. Bitpanda Pro Account has the meaning given to it in point 10.2. Bitpanda Fork Policy has the meaning given to it in point 5.1 and is added to this GTC in Annex III.  Bitpanda Index has the meaning given to it in point 7.1. Bitpanda Pro Account has the meaning given to it in point 10.2. Bitpanda Savings has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.2. Bitpanda Swap has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.3. Bitpanda Systems has the meaning given to it in 1.1. Bitpanda To Go has the meaning given to it in point 6.1. Business Day is a working day on which Austrian credit institutions are open to the public. CCOFA or Contract Conclusion and Order Fulfillment Action has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.5. Contis has the meaning given to it in point 11.2. Default in Payment has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.5. Direct Debit Chargeback has the meaning given to it in point 8.7.1. E-Token has the meaning given to it in point 3.1. F-Token has the meaning given to it in point 3.1. Fair-Use-Policy has the meaning given to it in point 11.19. Fallback Payment Asset has the meaning given to it in point 11.5. Fiat Wallet has the meaning given to it in point 4.5. Final Offer Click has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.1. Final Offer Click Savings has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.2. Final Offer Click Swap has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.3. Final Offer Clicks has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.2. and 3.1.3. Final Rate has the meaning given to it in point 8.1. Fork has the meaning given to it in Annex I n 1. Index Provider has the meaning given to it in 7.3. Index Wallet has the meaning given to it in point 7.4. Main Payment Asset has the meaning given to it in point 11.5. M-Token has the meaning given to it in point 3.1. Multiple Debit Order has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.2. Offer Period has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.4. Price Guarantee has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.1. Promotion Award has the meaning given to it in point 15.5.2. Promotor has the meaning given to it in point 15.5.1. Promotor Referral Code has the meaning given to it in point 15.5.1. Reference Period has the meaning given to it in point 4.7. Token has the meaning given to it in point 3.1. Token Voucher has the meaning given to it in point 6.1. Trade Rules has the meaning given to it in point 10.3. Wallet has the meaning given to it in point 4.5.
Annex II Trade Rules Bitpanda Pro  1. Trading 1.1. Bitpanda provides and operates a central limit order book online trading platform called Bitpanda Pro where you can settle trades in E-Token and F-Token trading pairs. You will find the available order books listed in your Bitpanda Pro Account. You acknowledge and agree that the provisions set out in the GTC for Bitpanda Clients and Bitpanda Client Accounts apply likewise to Bitpanda Pro users and their Bitpanda Pro Accounts. 1.2. Any person using or trading on Bitpanda Pro does so entirely at its own risk. 1.3. In these Trade Rules, the terms defined in the GTC apply likewise, except otherwise specified or referred to in the following overview and such definition shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms:  Balance means the Bitpanda Client’s total asset value on its Bitpanda Pro Account less any amounts held for Open Orders and fees. The total asset value is the gross value of all your Token for the relevant Order Book with the value of the Quote Token based on the last trade price and including the Token allocated to Open Orders.  Base Token means the Token being traded on the Order Book, namely the first Token in the trading pair (e.g. on the BTC-EUR Order Book, BTC is the Base Token and F-Token is the Quote Token). Suspended Mode means that no new orders can be placed and Open Orders will not be executed. It is only possible to cancel Open Orders. Limit Order means an Order to buy or sell a specified quantity of a Token at a specified price. Such Limit Order will only be executed at the specified price or a better price.  Maker Order means an Order posted to the Order Book by placing a limit order below all pending sell orders for buy, and above the pending buy orders for sell. Such Maker Order will remain open at that price on the Order Book until it is cancelled; or completely executed by one or more Orders placed by another Bitpanda Client at the same price.
Market Order means an Order to buy or sell a specified quantity of a Token at the best available price of existing Orders on the Order Book. Order has the meaning given to it in point 2.1. of this Annex II. Order Book means each order book on which Orders are placed for trading in a trading pair offered on Bitpanda Pro. Open Order means an Order which has been placed but not executed, cancelled, deactivated or expired. Quote Token means the Token in which trading is denominated on the Order Book, namely the second Token in the trading pair (e.g. on the BTC-EUR Order Book, BTC is the Base Token and F-Token is the Quote Token). Scheduled Maintenance means a planned temporary pause for maintenance or upgrades. Stop Order means an instruction to place an Order to buy or sell a specified quantity of a Token if and when the last trade price on the Order Book touches the price specified in the Stop Order. After placing a Stop Order it is active until it is executed (i.e. when price specified in the Stop Order is triggered). Taker Order means an order posted at the same price as one or more existing Orders. Such a Taker Order results in an immediate execution at that price and to the extent of the total quantity of those existing Orders.  Trade Rules has the meaning given to it in point 10.3. GTC.
2. Orders 2.1. You can instruct to buy or sell a specified quantity of Base Token at a specified price in the Quote Token (Order) provided that you have the required positive Balance of the relevant Token on your Bitpanda Pro Account which covers the total value of the Order and any applicable fees. With placing an Order, the respective specified quantity of Token of such Order is set aside. For purposes of effectuating a trade, you authorise Bitpanda to take temporary control of the Token that you are disposing of in the respective Order. 2.2. On Bitpanda Pro you can place an Order as a Limit, Market or Stop Order. You can cancel an Open Order at any time before it is executed, and no fees will be charged for cancelled Orders.  2.3. Limit Orders 2.3.1. A Limit Order will be immediately placed in the Order Book and may result in a Maker Order or a Taker Order, or an Order that is partially a Maker Order and partially a Taker Order. The placed Order will remain on the Order Book until you cancel it. 2.4. Market Orders 2.4.1 Bitpanda cannot and does not guarantee that a Market Order will be executed at a specified price. You agree and accept that a Market Order may execute at a number of different prices, based on the quantity of the Market Order and the quantities of the existing Orders on the Order Book at the time. In particular, you are aware and accept that a Market Order may execute at a price less favourable than the most recent trade price, in some cases significantly less. Since trading on open markets, such as Bitpanda Pro, involves risk, you acknowledge and accept that Bitpanda takes no responsibility whatsoever if a Market Order is executed at a less favourable price than the recent trade price or trade price on comparable platforms to Bitpanda Pro. 2.4.2. A Market Order is always a Taker Order.  2.5. Stop Orders 2.5.1. A Stop Order must be placed as a Stop Limit Order which posts a Limit Order when the stop price is triggered. Such a Stop Order is not placed to the Order Book and is not visible to others, but any resulting Order (i.e. the Limit Order when the stop price is triggered) is posted and visible.  2.5.2. You are aware and acknowledge that a Stop Limit Order is not guaranteed to execute. The placed Order will remain on the Order Book until you cancel it or until it gets completely executed.  2.6. Minimum order sizes 2.6.1. For Orders on Bitpanda Pro minimum order sizes apply. You find current minimum order sizes on Bitpanda’s Website 2.6.2. Bitpanda will periodically update order minimums as mentioned in item 2.6 to reflect the current state of marketplaces and value of assets. You are aware and accept that such order minimums may change from time to time and are not guaranteed. 2.7. Execution and Settlement 2.7.1. Execution takes place provided that a Maker Order matches with a Taker Order and an Order may be matched with one or more Orders at the same price. The matched Orders will be settled by Bitpanda immediately in form of the respective debits and credits to the involved Bitpanda Pro Accounts.  2.8. Matching engine and order priorities 2.8.1. Bitpanda Pro matches Taker Orders with Open Maker Orders on each Order Book based on price-time priority. This means that each time a Taker Order is placed this order is matched with the earliest in time Maker Order at the best price on the Order Book. Should the Taker Order not be completely fulfilled, it may be matched with any subsequent Maker Orders at that price, in the sequence those Maker Orders were posted. Should such a Taker Order still not be completely executed as described previously, it is matched with one or more Maker Orders at the next best price, in the sequence those Maker Orders were posted. This process is repeated until the Taker Order is completely executed.  2.9. Trading fees 2.9.1. Orders are charged with a maker fee for each Maker Order and a taker fee for each Taker Order posted on the Order Book. Fees will be charged in the Token you receive and are calculated as a percentage of the Order quantity. For example: on the BTC-EUR Order Book, you, as a buyer of BTC, pay fees in BTC and the seller of BTC pays fees in EUR. Fees are charged on a per trade basis and will be deducted automatically once an Order is matched. If an Order qualifies partially as a Maker Order and partially as a Taker Order, a maker fee applies to the part posted as a Maker Order and a taker fee applies to the part posted as a Taker Order.  2.9.2. You are aware and accept that trading fees may vary from time to time and between Order Books. Any such updated fees will apply prospectively to any Orders or other transactions that take place following the effective date of such updated fees. Furthermore, you are aware and acknowledge that fees will be deducted from your respective Bitpanda account as set forth under item 10.3. in this GTC. The current Bitpanda Pro trading fees are displayed at https://www.bitpanda.com/en/pro/fees 2.9.3. Bitpanda offers volume-based fee discounts. The current fee discounts can be found at https://www.bitpanda.com/en/pro/fees. You are aware and accept that fee discounts are not guaranteed and may change or be abandoned anytime at Bitpanda’s sole discretion.  2.9.4. Bitpanda may offer a modified fee structure for Bitpanda Pro (compared to the usual applicable default Bitpanda Pro fees) to certain eligible entities or persons (‘Modified Fees’). Modified Fees only apply on Bitpanda Pro and have to be individually arranged with Bitpanda. Other services (e.g. Bitpanda Broker) are outside of the scope of Modified Fees; Bitpanda's standard fee structure applies to such services. Any person or entity eligible for Modified Fees acknowledges and accepts that for the period during which Modified Fees are applied, said eligible person or entity will not be able to use the Bitpanda Ecosystem Token (“BEST”) to reduce trading fees. Furthermore, it is accepted that any trades against someone that result in taker fees of less than 0.05% are not eligible for Modified Fees. Bitpanda offers the Modified Fees voluntarily and may terminate or amend Modified Fees at any time at its sole discretion. In the event of a change or termination of Modified Fees, Bitpanda will make every effort to inform eligible persons or entities of such changes within a reasonable period of time. 2.10. Market Integrity 2.10.1. All executed Orders are final and won’t be cancelled except where (i) Bitpanda is obliged to do so pursuant to applicable law or regulations or (ii) due to a material technical error (e.g. Orders or executions do not comply with these rules). In case of a technical error Bitpanda will make all reasonable efforts and act in good faith in accordance with industry standards in order to restore the positions which would have been without the occurrence of an error.  2.10.2. Bitpanda has the right to cancel Open Orders in the following circumstances: i.Orders placed by Bitpanda Clients who have infringed the GTC, in particular rules set out in item 4. of the GTC which apply to Bitpanda Pro Accounts likewise and/or using the API in a manner that unreasonably burdens the platform.  ii. Orders involving an obvious error with respect to price, quantity, or other parameters. iii. If required for technical reasons or by any applicable law or regulation. 2.10.3. In general, Bitpanda has the right to take any action (e.g. halting of trading, restrict access, modifying parameters in order to mitigate risks, cancelling Orders resting in the Order Book, or any other actions deemed to be in the best interest of Bitpanda Pro) or deemed appropriate to ensure and preserve the market integrity of Bitpanda Pro.  2.11. Interruptions 2.11.1. In case of the occurrence of technical errors preventing or negatively impacting a Bitpanda Client’s ability to properly use Bitpanda Pro (e.g. placing/cancelling of Orders, access to Bitpanda Systems and APIs) it is at Bitpanda’s sole discretion to take adequate measures in respect of one or more Order Books, in particular: i. temporarily disable depositing or withdrawing Token; ii. cancel Open Orders; iii. disable the option to place new Orders (you can only cancel existing ones), to sign-in, to access Bitpanda Proe and/or to access via APIs.  2.12. Prohibitions 2.12.1. Bitpanda Clients using Bitpanda Pro are not allowed to place Orders which result in self-execution (i.e. the same Bitpanda Client would act as both the maker and taker for the trade), such Orders will be rejected. If two Orders of different quantities would result in self-execution, the smaller Order is cancelled, and the larger Order is decremented by an amount equivalent to the smaller quantity. The remainder of the larger Order remains open. 2.12.2. Further, you are prohibited from engaging in any market manipulation (specifically includes, without limitation: front-running, wash trading, spoofing, layering, churning, and quote stuffing). Market manipulation of any kind (including action on Bitpanda Systems or outside of Bitpanda Systems) is strictly prohibited. Market manipulation is any action taken by any market participant or a person acting in concert with a participant which intends to: i. scam or mislead other traders; ii. control or manipulate the price or trading volume of a Token; or iii. assist, encourage, facilitate, finance, endorse or support either of the above.  2.12.3. Bitpanda does not use circuit breakers or automated trading halts based on predetermined price bands. However, as provided in section 2.10. and 2.11., Bitpanda may, at its sole discretion, halt trading or take other action that seems appropriate to attain market integrity, prevent market manipulation or to maintain the proper operation of Bitpanda Systems. 2.13. Transparency and information 2.13.1. Bitpanda grants to every Bitpanda Client equal access right to Bitpanda Pro including its APIs. In addition, all users of Bitpanda Pro receive full and real-time access to the available market information shown on Bitpanda Systems. Market information contains the following: i. Limit Orders placed on the Order Books (price and quantity); and ii. all executions (price, quantity and time) 2.13.2. Bitpanda Systems do not show Stop Orders which have been placed but not yet triggered and any information about which user placed or cancelled an Order. 2.13.3. Bitpanda also trades its corporate funds on Bitpanda Pro. However, it does not have any special priority and these Trade Rules apply without exceptions for Bitpanda, in particular with the same market information and without access to inside information. Bitpanda does not engage in front-running.  2.13.4. The same applies for all Bitpanda employees (including employees of Bitpanda group). Bitpanda group prohibits all its employees from using insider, corporate or similar information to trade Token. Such employees are subject to internal trading policies and trade surveillance programmes. 2.14. Application Programming Interfaces 2.14.1. Bitpanda may provide access to specific data and information through APIs (‘Application Programming Interface’). You can only use these in their original and unmodified state and via your Bitpanda Client Account. Upon completion of the application for the creation of an API key you will receive an email with a confirmation link. After clicking on the link in the email you will receive the API key which is the only time the API key is displaced. If you do not remember this API key in the future, you might have to create a new one.  2.14.2. You are aware and accept that the scope and concrete form of APIs is at Bitpanda’s sole discretion and that APIs may be modified or abandoned by Bitpanda at its sole discretion anytime. Bitpanda may set limits on the number of API calls that may be made at its sole discretion. If you exceed these limits or violate any other terms in this Trade Rules or GTC, Bitpanda may moderate your activity or cease offering you access to the APIs at its sole discretion. 2.14.3. You grant Bitpanda a fully paid-up, royalty-free, non-exclusive, worldwide, transferable, sublicensable, irrevocable right and licence under all of your intellectual property rights to (i) use your name, likeness or brand including all of your trademarks, logos (Logos), etc to the extent it is incorporated into your application and in connection with the maintenance, development and promotion of our Bitpanda services, and (ii) use, perform, display to the public, reproduce, distribute, make available, and import your application to provide, maintain, develop and market the Bitpanda Systems and services. Upon termination or abandonment of your API and written request from you, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to remove reference to your application and any of your Logos from our Bitpanda Systems. 2.14.4. Our brands and names (Bitpanda Logos), and all intellectual property rights therein and thereto are and shall at all time remain the sole and exclusive property of Bitpanda and are protected by applicable laws and treaties. All rights not expressly granted herein are withheld.  2.14.5. It is in your sole responsibility to adequately secure and keep secret your API keys. You accept full responsibility for any use of Bitpanda Pro that is facilitated through API keys, and/or any other applications which you may authorise (including any activities by you or any third parties that have access to your account information whether authorised or not). You find more information on our API via https://developers.bitpanda.com/exchange/  2.15. Scheduled Maintenance 2.15.1. Bitpanda will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Bitpanda Pro can be accessed by you in accordance with these Trade Rules. However, Bitpanda may suspend trading on Bitpanda Pro temporarily for maintenance or upgrades and will make reasonable efforts to inform you about such Scheduled Maintenance. You acknowledge that this may not be possible in cases of emergency and accept the risks associated with the fact that you may not always be able to access, use or carry out transactions using your Bitpanda Pro Account.
Annex III Bitpanda Fork Policy A fork is a situation in which a blockchain splits into two separate chains temporarily or permanently ("Fork"). Forks are a natural occurrence during mining, where two chains following the same consensus rules temporarily have the same accumulated proof-of-work and are both considered valid. They can also occur as a consequence of the use of two distinct sets of rules trying to govern the same blockchain. Forks have been used in cryptocurrencies in order to add new features to a blockchain or to reverse the effects of hacking or catastrophic bugs on a blockchain as was the case with the fork between Ethereum and Ethereum Classic. Notably, Forks have been widely discussed in the context of the bitcoin scalability problem. Bitpanda does not automatically support Forks of any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units. Bitpanda assesses each case, and each Fork on a case by case basis and Bitpanda may at its sole discretion decide whether to support a Fork or not and whether to communicate that to you or not. If Bitpanda decides not to support a Fork but you want to participate in a Fork, you would have to move the respective E-Token onto such third-party wallet which you think fits for supporting such a Fork. Bitpanda herewith advises you to take enough time into consideration to move the respective E-Token, because Bitpanda cannot and will not give any guarantees to any transfers out of/outside of Bitpanda Systems. Bitpanda does not advise on how much time is enough but suggests that you carefully consider all relevant facts. You must monitor the market by yourself to stay informed about Forks. Bitpanda has no duty to inform you of any Forks. Bitpanda may decide at its sole discretion to suspend/temporarily shut down any exchange, trading or any transaction with respect to E-Token which are part of a Fork or influenced by a Fork to a major extent. This applies to Forks which are supported by Bitpanda and also to Forks which are not supported by Bitpanda.  If Bitpanda decides – at Bitpanda's sole discretion – to try to support a Fork, Bitpanda shall decide which chain is the original blockchain in the fork scenario. Consequently, Bitpanda shall inform you of such decisions and will endeavour to integrate the new cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units resulting from the Fork into Bitpanda Systems. However, Bitpanda gives no guarantee that such integration takes place and shall inform you at its sole discretion on when and how and at which distribution rate such new cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units resulting from the Fork can be used in Bitpanda Systems. Respectively, Bitpanda holds any resulting new cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units balances for and on behalf of you from the time of the split until the time of distribution to you in cold storage (meaning offline). You are aware and accept that it is impossible to withdraw/or transfer any such new cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units balances out of a supported Fork until Bitpanda decides at Bitpanda's sole discretion to go live with such new cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units in Bitpanda Systems. You are aware and accept that there might be situations where Bitpanda may decide in a commercially reasonable way not to integrate such new cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units in  Bitpanda Systems and that in such cases you have no right to claim damages or compensation of any kind from Bitpanda. You are aware that Bitpanda will always only try to integrate new cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units but in no case gives any guarantee that such integration can be done or is fixed for a certain point in time.
Bitpanda Metals GmbH General Terms and Conditions Version 1.0.0, valid as of 13th May 2019   General Provisions   The general terms and conditions herein (“GTC”) exclusively apply to any and all transactions, contracts and any and all business relationships with Bitpanda Metals GmbH, with its corporate seat in A-1020 Vienna, Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2 (“Bitpanda Metals”). Bitpanda Metals offers services in cooperation with third parties, in particular with Bitpanda GmbH. Hence, the GTC apply to transactions and business relationships with Bitpanda Metals related to any online or electronic platform (e.g. https://www.bitpanda.com/) and mobile application of Bitpanda GmbH (“Bitpanda Systems”).   The service of Bitpanda Metals allows you to purchase and sell physically vaulted precious metals such as, but not limited to, gold, silver, palladium and platinum (“Services”). All other services (in particular with respect to cryptocurrencies) available on Bitpanda Systems are provided by Bitpanda GmbH and, hence, Bitpanda GmbH’s terms and conditions apply.   Bitpanda Metals guarantees a minimum of 100% full reserves of the purchased precious metals.   Bitpanda Metals offers Services only to and enters into contracts only with persons of legal age.   For an overview of the definitions used in these GTC, please refer to Annex I.
Becoming a Bitpanda Metals Client   In order to use Bitpanda Metals’ Services, you have to be a fully registered and verified client of Bitpanda Systems.   Persons interested in using Services have to register themselves on a Bitpanda System by providing valid and true information as required in the registration process. A person having successfully completed the registration process (which is confirmed by Bitpanda GmbH) is called "Bitpanda Client" or “you”.   In order to use the trading options on a Bitpanda System you as a Bitpanda Client have to verify your account. Your trading limits depend on such verification level. The verification processes and requirements depend mainly on security requirements, in particular AML considerations, and may change from time to time depending on the legal framework.   You ensure that you keep any and all details of your password confidential and that you only act for yourself and have opened the account only for yourself. It is also forbidden to act as intermediary of any kind or broker of any kind or trustee of any kind for any person or to allow access of any kind to the account to any other person than yourself. As a preventive security measure, Bitpanda Metals recommends that each Bitpanda Client uses the two factor authentication identification components (“2FA”).   Persons having a US citizenship or being located in the United States may not become a Bitpanda Client according to regulatory reasons. Depending on the respective local regulatory framework Bitpanda Metals may exclude other jurisdiction from its Services as well.   When a password is reset, Bitpanda Metals and Bitpanda GmbH pause any payment to and/or transfer of Tokens (as defined in item 3.1) to you or out of Bitpanda Systems for security reasons for a maximum period of 48 hours. You confirm that you are aware of this security measure and accept it.   You, as a Bitpanda Client, shall   ensure prompt execution of any contracts and shall refrain from activities which would thwart or endanger such execution.   immediately report all defects or other problems which you either cause or get made aware of and shall assist Bitpanda Metals in remedying the problem.   immediately update via a Bitpanda System or submit to Bitpanda GmbH via registered mail any changes to your personal data (name, mailing/postal address and email address). You are aware and accept that Bitpanda Metals shall always use the last email address and last postal address which you shared with Bitpanda GmbH, and that any message delivered to such email or postal address shall be legally delivered.   at all times ensure that you have available and in usable condition your 2FA, if used by you. In case of loss of the 2FA, you must immediately inform Bitpanda GmbH about this loss and follow the Support team member's instructions. You acknowledge and accept that such instructions may be deferred depending on the utilisation of the Support team and neither Bitpanda GmbH nor Bitpanda Metals is liable for any of your claims due to such delay. If you are not able to follow the instructions and comply with the security rules and requirements, you will neither be able to access the relevant page nor your Bitpanda Client Account again and the Bitpanda Client's Account including any Token may not be and cannot be used until you can regain the correct 2FA. You are aware and accept this "No Recover Policy" which is a major and important immanent part of a system dealing with cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units.
Bitpanda Metals and, hence, Bitpanda GmbH requires certain specified information from you in the process of becoming a Bitpanda Client. You are aware and accept herewith that Bitpanda Metals may at its sole discretion decide at which point in time you must deliver copies of passports (in notarised and apostilled form or not) and any other documents required by law and/or as defined in Data Protection Terms; if being a legal entity copies of company register excerpts or equivalent documents (in notarised and apostilled form or not) and any other documents required by law or as defined in Data Protection Terms.
Exchange   Bitpanda’s group provides Bitpanda Systems for the exchange of (i) cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units, such as, but not limited to, Bitcoin, Dash, Ripple, Bitcoin Cash, Ether and Litecoin, (“E-Token”), (ii) fiat token (“F-Token”), (iii) precious metals (“M-Token” together with E-Token and F-Token referred to as “Token”) or (iv) the sale and purchase of Token with a currency that is legal tender (gesetzlich anerkanntes Zahlungsmittel). The M-Tokens traded on Bitpanda Systems can be changed or amended at any time and at the sole discretion of Bitpanda Metals. The services with respect to F- and E-Token are offered by Bitpanda GmbH and not by Bitpanda Metals itself.   Exchange (Tausch) and sale/purchase (Verkauf/Kauf) of M-Token with Bitpanda Metals is exclusively done in the following way: You offer bindingly to exchange, sell or buy (part of) M-Token(s) to Bitpanda Metals. To make such binding offer you have to (i) correctly fill in all necessary, valid and correct data on the respective trading screen and (ii) click/confirm either "Buy now" or "Sell now" button (item (ii) referred to as the "Final Offer Click"). The conditions offered by Bitpanda Metals for your order are valid for one minute (“Price Guarantee”) which is the maximum time to validate and confirm the conditions by the Final Offer Click. For the avoidance of doubt in this context, the word "buy" is to be interpreted and qualified exclusively as "binding offer to accept the receipt of M-Token in exchange for the specified amount in a currency which is legal tender or F-Token" and the word "sell" is to be interpreted and qualified exclusively as "binding offer to accept the receipt of F-Token or the specified amount in a currency which is legal tender or the equivalent amount in form of Cooperation Vouchers (see item 6) in exchange for M-Token".   Bitpanda Metals also offers “Bitpanda Savings” for M-Token in cooperation with Bitpanda GmbH. You can exclusively use Bitpanda Savings in the following way: You offer bindingly to purchase (part of) M-Token on a regular and recurring basis from Bitpanda Metals (“Mutiple Debit Order”). To make such binding offer you have to (i) correctly fill in all necessary, valid and correct data on the respective trading screen and (ii) click/confirm "Confirm now" button (item (ii) referred to as the "Final Offer Click Savings" together with the Final Offer Click the “Final Offer Clicks”). For the avoidance of doubt in this context "Confirm now" is to be interpreted and qualified exclusively as "binding offer to accept the receipt of M-Token on a regular and recurring basis in exchange for the specified amount in a currency which is legal tender”.   Bitpanda Metals also offers “Bitpanda Swap” for M-Token in cooperation with Bitpanda GmbH. You can exclusively use Bitpanda Swap for M-Token in the following way: You offer bindingly to exchange (part of) M-Tokens into E-Token or vice versa or (part of) M-Tokens into another type of M-Token. To make such binding offer you have to (i) correctly fill in all necessary, valid and correct data on the trading screen and (ii) click/confirm "Swap now" button (item (ii) referred to as the “Final Offer Click Swap” together with the Final Offer Click the “Final Offer Clicks”). For the avoidance of doubt in this context "swap now" is to be interpreted and qualified exclusively as "binding offer to accept the receipt of E-Token in exchange for the specified amount of M-Token or vice versa or " or “binding offer to accept the receipt of M-Token in exchange for the specified amount of another type of M-Token”.   The offers mentioned in item 3.1.1, 3.1.2 and 3.1.3 are herein referred together as “Bitpanda Client Offer”.  You are bound by a Bitpanda Client Offer for a period of one week after the respective Final Offer Click (“Offer Period”). Bitpanda Metals confirms to you immediately after having received a Bitpanda Client Offer the receipt thereof.   After having received a Bitpanda Client Offer Bitpanda Metals may or may not accept such offer by factual fulfilling of the offer (tatsächlicher Erfüllung des Angebots) at its sole discretion within the Offer Period (the “Contract Conclusion and Order Fulfillment Action” or “CCOFA”). For any payments in currency that is legal tender from and to you the Bitpanda System uses a payment service provider. Where Bitpanda Metals factually fulfilled the Bitpanda Client Offer without full receipt of the payment as agreed in the Bitpanda Client Offer, you are obliged to pay the outstanding amount (“Default in Payment”). In case of any Default in Payment the consequences as outlined in item 4.2 and 8.8 apply.
Any figures, numbers, exchange reference prices or other relevant publications via any Bitpanda System or in another way are in no case offers, nor binding offers, nor guarantees for an exchange but always to be seen as invitations to you to provide offers for exchange to Bitpanda Metals (invitation ad offerendum).   Bitpanda Systems exclusively allow Bitpanda Clients to make exchange offers based on positive balances on the respective Bitpanda Client Account. Short selling, meaning an offer with respect to Tokens which are not booked as positive balance on the respective Bitpanda Client Account, is forbidden and blocked by the system. A Bitpanda Client Offer is technically limited with your positive balance of such offer and the limits pursuant to your verification level. Bitpanda Metals reserves the right to further limit the range of a Bitpanda Client Offer at its sole discretion to certain specified limits per Bitpanda Client.   Delays in the processing of the Bitpanda Client Offers can occur due to unforeseen technical disruptions. Therefore, neither Bitpanda Metals nor Bitpanda GmbH offer any guarantee of immediate offer processing nor assumes any liability related thereto, in particular not with respect to any changes of prices, valuations or other conditions with respect to any offered Tokens or services, except the Price Guarantee of Bitpanda Metals as outlined in item 3.1.1 of these GTC.
Bitpanda Client Account   Bitpanda Systems allow only one account per Bitpanda Client (“Bitpanda Client Account”).   Bitpanda Metals reserves the right to lock, freeze and/or close a Bitpanda Client Account (including the block (Blockierung) of a transaction, reverse (Rückabwicklung) of a transaction, suspension (Aussetzung) of a transaction, rescission (Rücktritt) from a transaction, the loss of any vouchers) immediately and without further notice to the Bitpanda Client, if   such Bitpanda Client has been accused of (including any reasonably documented media reports or market rumors on): fraud, terror financing, money laundering, tax fraud, or any other breach or violation of relevant criminal, administrative or tax laws in any country of the world, being part of a Ponzi scheme of any kind, using matrix programmes/pyramid programmes/multi-level marketing or other high risk business detrimental to customers of any kind; unlawful activity in any country of the world; forbidden gambling; intellectual property or proprietary rights infringement, counterfeit or unauthorised goods; using/distributing drugs and drug paraphernalia or substances designed to mimic illegal drugs; producing/distributing adult content and services; using unfair, predatory or deceptive practice via customers or persons;  etc.   Bitpanda Metals has been informed of official investigations (by any competent public authority, in particular but not limited to any public prosecutors in the field of criminal law or tax agents) against such Bitpanda Client with respect to fraud, terror financing, money laundering, tax fraud, or any breach or violation of relevant criminal, administrative or tax laws in any country of the world.   a Bitpanda Client has breached his obligations under the GTC (e.g. any delayed payment) without curing such breach within “10 Business Days”.   a Bitpanda Client has breached any rules or regulations of a payment service provider.   a Bitpanda Client has breached any rules or regulations of Bitpanda GmbH.   a Bitpanda Client has opened more than one account with Bitpanda Systems.   a Bitpanda Client uses an account without legal entitlement to use such an account.   a Bitpanda Client conceals the correct identity by providing incorrect data regarding the Bitpanda Client Account or an account with a payment service provider.   a Bitpanda Client materially breaches the payment rules, in particular but not limited to item 8.11, as set forth under the GTC causing significant efforts without curing the problems within 10 Business Days.   a Bitpanda Client manipulates Bitpanda Systems or Bitpanda services. Such manipulation is in particular any use of an automated system (e.g. bot) or any other use which contradicts normal and typical trading behaviour of human beings and, hence, indicates the involvement of a certain technology, software and/or any system automating such trading, except such use has been previously agreed with Bitpanda Metals.
If Bitpanda Metals is engaged by you to remedy a declared and/or alleged deficiency and it is proven that no deficiency exists, existed or that the deficiency is or was in your sphere, Bitpanda Metals is entitled to charge compensation for any resulting expense.   Bitpanda Metals may charge – in addition to any damage claims which Bitpanda Metals might have against such Bitpanda Client – for its additional efforts in connection with items 4.2. and 4.3 a processing fee of up to EUR 50.00 or any part of E-Token having the value of up to EUR 50.00 at the time of the measure set in accordance with item 4.2 and 4.3.   Bitpanda Metals uses Bitpanda GmbH’s token system (F-Token and E-Token) which are booked in the respective storing sub-accounts (each a “Wallet”) of the respective Bitpanda Client Account. Only F-Token, E-Token and M-Token booked in the respective Wallets in the Bitpanda Client Account may and can be used for making a Bitpanda Client Offer with respect to offering Tokens. The Wallet for F-Token is named "Fiat Wallet".   F-Tokens, which are exclusively offered by Bitpanda GmbH, are designated   for support and facilitation reasons as an extra service for Bitpanda Clients, in particular to enable the Bitpanda Client to act faster with respect to Bitpanda Client Offers.   for the exclusive use of such F-Token within a Bitpanda System to exchange for Tokens. An exchange of F-Token outside of a Bitpanda System is impossible. An exchange of F-Token to another Bitpanda Client is impossible.
F-Token are designated to provide for quick options to act as Bitpanda Client as "support tools" for the Bitpanda Clients and shall in no event be seen as a deposit (Einlage) of any kind. Therefore, if a Bitpanda Client does not use an F-Token in exchange for another Token within a period of 12 months after such F-Token has been booked on the Bitpanda Client's Wallet (“Reference Period”), Bitpanda GmbH shall deduct F-Token and or parts of F-Token having the monetary value of EUR 5.00 (based on the figures used in the Bitpanda System) from the Bitpanda Client Account per calendar month as long as the Bitpanda Client does not make valid use of the respective F-Token. Every time the Bitpanda Client uses the respective F-Token the Reference Period restarts from zero.   You may send your M-Token to other Bitpanda Clients, however, Bitpanda Systems prohibit and do not allow the trade of M-Token between Bitpanda Clients.
Precious Metals Holdings   The precious metal is held in a form generally accepted in settlement of physical bullion markets around the world. The precious metals are physically stored and held by a vault operator and the only access to such holdings is via Bitpanda Systems. Bitpanda Metals is the contracting party of this vault operator (including the custody agreement). You agree and confirm that Bitpanda Metals has the contractual relationship with the vault operator. Hence, the agreement to manage your bullion is between you and Bitpanda Metals only. It is at Bitpanda Metals’ sole discretion to change the vault operator and the place of precious metals holdings anytime. You find current vault operators and places of precious metals holdings on Bitpanda’s website.   Bitpanda Metals shall inform the vault operator of the holdings of each Bitpanda Client, but you cannot contact the vault operator directly (e.g. access to holdings, information) in the absence of a direct contractual relationship.   By using Bitpanda Metals Services you agree and acknowledge that any precious metals’ holding you own do not relate to a specific bar but rather to portions of bars that when added up is equal to the full reserves of all Bitpanda Clients. By this method Bitpanda Metals is able to achieve its low prices while also giving the option to trade milligrams of precious metals.   Your M-Token holdings on Bitpanda Systems are charged with a storage fee. The concrete storage fee depends and varies on the type of M-Token (e.g. gold or silver, etc.). You find the current rates of the storage fee displayed on Bitpanda’s website. As such storage fee depends on external factors, which are outside of Bitpanda’s sphere, current rates and prices may vary and you confirm and accept, that rates of the storage fee are not guaranteed and may differ from time to time. The storage fee is calculated on the weighted average value of the respective M-Token (e.g. gold or silver, etc.) during your M-Token holding time. Such fee is due and payable (i) every Monday at 12:01 am or (ii) upon exchange of M-Token for E-Token, F-Token or another type of M-Token. You empower and grant Bitpanda Metals the right to deduct the storage fee from your M-Token. This deduction will take place at latest within four days after the storage fee is due and payable. If no M-Token is available, then the equivalent value will be deducted from the E-Token respectively F-Token.
Vouchers of Cooperation partners   Vouchers of cooperation partners may be offered on Bitpanda Systems as a pay-out option in case you wish to sell Token in exchange for a voucher of such a cooperation partner (“Cooperation Voucher”). Presently, Bitpanda System offers Cooperation Vouchers of Amazon EUR S.A.R.L. which can be used solely via www.amazon.de. Any changes, amendments and/or modifications of the offered Cooperation Voucher are at the sole discretion of Bitpanda Metals and Bitpanda GmbH and may take place at any time.   If you choose a payout option via Cooperation Voucher (see item 3.1.1), the chosen Cooperation Voucher will be bought in an amount equivalent to the value of the sold Token from the cooperation partner. Subsequently, Bitpanda System displays the code of the Cooperation Voucher in the Bitpanda Client's Account and sends it to Bitpanda Client's last disclosed email address. Upon displaying and sending the code of the Cooperation Voucher to your account and last disclosed email address the assumption of risk, especially the risk of use by third party and loss, passes to you.   It is not possible to return a Cooperation Voucher to Bitpanda Metals or Bitpanda GmbH.
Bitpanda to go   Bitpanda Systems offer vouchers, which can be used by you in exchange for M-Token on Bitpanda Systems ("Bitpanda To Go" or "Token-Voucher").   'Bitpanda To Go' is distributed via partner firms and can be exclusively used within a Bitpanda System after having become a Bitpanda Client.   Each Token Voucher has to be used in one single transaction. This means that the Token Voucher may not be split up for different transactions but may be used only for one single Bitpanda Client Offer. The exchange rates at the time of the use of the Token Voucher via Bitpanda Systems  (and not at the time of the purchase of the Token Voucher) apply (see item 8.1)   Each Token Voucher is valid only for a period of 3 years after the date of purchase of such Token Voucher.   Each Token Voucher is individualised and there is no possibility to recover any damaged Token Voucher or lost Token Voucher. Any such purchaser of Token Voucher is solely liable to keep the Token Voucher in such condition that it can further be used in the Bitpanda System. Whether Bitpanda Metals nor Bitpanda GmbH assumes liability for any damage or loss (including theft) of any Token Voucher by a purchaser of such Token Voucher and Bitpanda assumes no liability for any circumstances which are in the Token Voucher purchaser's sphere resulting in the fact that the Token Voucher cannot be used in a Bitpanda System.
Prices, Payment Conditions, Exchange and Transfer Conditions   Prices and/or exchange rates published in connection with the Final Offer Click are final and binding for the Bitpanda Client Offer (each a "Final Rate").   Final Rates contain the following parts, which are shown on the webpage of the Final Offer Click:   in case you want to purchase M-Token:
i. offered amount in a currency that is legal tender
ii. M-Token received if offer is accepted by Bitpanda Metals
iii. bonus in the respective M-Token (volume of the bonus depending on which payment method you have chosen) booked directly on the M-Token Wallet if offer is accepted by Bitpanda Metals
iv. Final Rate, being the sum of items i-iii above   in case you want to exchange F-Token for M-Token:
i. ffered F-Tokens
ii. M-Token received if offer is accepted by Bitpanda Metals
iii. Final Rate, being the sum of items i-ii above   in case you want to exchange E-Token for M-Token:
i. offered E-Tokens
ii. M-Token received if offer is accepted by Bitpanda Metals
iii. Final Rate, being the sum of items i-ii above   in case you want to exchange M-Token for F-Token:
i. ffered M-Tokens
ii. F-Token received if offer is accepted by Bitpanda Metals
iii. Final Rate, being the sum of items i-ii above   in case you want to exchange M-Token for E-Token:
i. offered M-Tokens
ii. E-Token received if offer is accepted by Bitpanda Metals
iii. Final Rate, being the sum of points i-ii above   In case you want to exchange M-Token for another different M-Token:
i. offered M-Tokens
ii. M-Token received if offer is accepted by Bitpanda Metals
iii. Final Rate, being the sum of points i-ii above   In case you want to use Bitpanda Savings:
i. offered amount in a currency that is legal tender
ii. M-Token received if offer is accepted by Bitpanda Metals and pursuant to the applicable exchange rates listed on Bitpanda Systems at the time of CCOFA which occurs at the latest within 72 hours after the point in time specified by you in advance
iii. Final Rate, being the sum of points i-ii above   Each Bitpanda Client Offer must at least have a monetary value (based on the figures used by Bitpanda Systems), stated by the respective Final Rate of EUR 1.00.   Payments in a currency which is legal tender to and from Bitpanda Systems from and to you are transferred by the respective payment service provider and not by Bitpanda Metals or Bitpanda GmbH.   Transfers of Token are conducted by Bitpanda Metals and/or Bitpanda GmbH within Bitpanda Systems.   Final Rates and/or any other payments or services have to be paid and/or transferred by you immediately after the Final Offer Click.   In case of using Bitpanda Savings, you can choose between SEPA direct debit mandate or recurring credit card debiting as payment method:   SEPA direct debit mandate: The respective payment amount is immediately payable and due for collection on the respective recurring purchase point in time specified by you in advance. By using SEPA direct debit mandate, you hereby revocably grant Bitpanda GmbH or a company affiliated with Bitpanda GmbH a SEPA direct debit mandate in order to collect the payments payable by you when due from your specified account by means of a recurring and regular SEPA direct debit. You hereby also authorise your bank to redeem the direct debits. Your bank is also entitled to decline direct debits, especially if your account does not have sufficient cover. You have the right to initiate a chargeback to your account within 56 calendar days (8 weeks) from the debit date without stating any reasons. Since you have been informed of the amount and the debit dates accordingly, you revocably waive the right to obtain pre-notifications before collections of direct debits are made. You are obliged to provide sufficient funds on your account on the due date. If collection via SEPA direct debit mandate is not possible (e.g. bank refuses or rejects the direct debit), you will bear any resulting costs (e.g. bank fees). This also applies if you terminate the SEPA direct debit mandate. In such a case, the provisions of point 8.9 and 8.10 apply equally. You are aware and accept that the initial setup of a SEPA direct debit mandate may take up to ten calendar days after submitting your necessary data to Bitpanda until it is fully implemented and hence, direct debits can be executed (the same applies in case you amend the amount of your Multiple Debit Order).   Recurring credit card payment: The respective payment amount is immediately payable and due for collection on the respective recurring purchase point in time specified by you in advance. Hence, you authorise Bitpanda GmbH to charge your credit card accordingly and in accordance with the general terms and conditions applicable for your credit card. You are obliged to provide sufficient funds on your credit card on the due date. If collection by credit card is not possible (e.g. insufficient funds), you will bear any resulting costs (e.g. credit card fees). In such a case, the provisions of point 8.9 and 8.10 apply equally.   If execution of a Multiple Debit Order is not possible, for whatever reason, no M-Token will be credited to your Bitpanda Client Account. In such a case, you will be notified by email of the failure of executing the order.   You may revoke a Multiple Debit Order issued by SEPA direct debit or credit card at any time. : A revocation of the SEPA direct debit shall take effect at the time of the event occurring earlier: (i) the revocation has arrived at your bank or (ii) at least two Business Days have elapsed since your revocation communicated to us.   Bitpanda Metals is entitled to refuse the service Bitpanda Savings to individual Bitpanda Clients for objective reasons.
Until the purchase price, including all fees and expenses, and/or any other outstanding amounts and/or claims have been fully paid, or any Tokens in exchange have been fully transferred to Bitpanda Metals, any Token or proceeds thereof, remain the property of Bitpanda Metals (Reservation of Title; Eigentumsvorbehalt) and Bitpanda Metals has a right of retention (Zurückbehaltungsrecht) regarding the Tokens of the respective Bitpanda Client. This reservation remains in force regardless of any form of processing or blending of goods, which may take place in any location worldwide.   You are in delay with your payment/transfer if the respective payment/transfer is not booked on Bitpanda Systems' accounts (including wallets and storages) at the time when the respective CCOFA (as set forth under item 3.1.5) has been completed by Bitpanda Metals or a collection via SEPA direct debit mandate cannot be fulfilled (see point 8.7). Bitpanda Metals cannot be in delay because it either accepts an offer by completing the respective CCOFA or denies an offer in all other cases of not completing the respective CCOFA.   In case you are in delay with your transfer, Bitpanda Metals may charge reminder fees to a reasonable relation to the amount in delay/value of transferred Tokens in delay and as far as such fees are necessary to cover adequate costs of Bitpanda Metals to administer such delay and enforce Bitpanda Metals' rights (a total amount of at least EUR 5.00 up to a maximum of EUR 15.00 will be charged). In case the respective Bitpanda Client does not settle debts within reasonable time, Bitpanda Metals reserves the right to entrust a debt collection agency with the collection of the claimed debt. In such a case Bitpanda Metals will additionally charge EUR 5.00 processing fee for claims between EUR 0 and EUR 500.00 and EUR 10.00 processing fee for claims of more than EUR 500.00. Furthermore, any additional expenses charged by the debt collection agency towards Bitpanda Metals complying with the "Verordnung des Bundesministers für wirtschaftliche Angelegenheiten über die Höchstsätze der Inkassoinstituten gebührenden Vergütungen"  (BGBI Nr. 141/1996 idgF), will be charged to the Bitpanda Client, as long as these are reasonable and necessary to cover adequate prosecution costs.   You have to fully comply with the data disclosure requirements in the payment processes, in particular when paying via SEPA. If you do not comply with the data disclosure requirements Bitpanda Systems cannot match the respective payment with your Bitpanda Client Account with the consequence that a manual tracking process has to start, for which Bitpanda Metals shall charge you a processing fee in addition to any damage claims (if any) according to item 4.3 above.   Bitpanda Metals reserves the right in all cases where a failure occurs with respect to payments from Bitpanda Systems to you, which is in your sphere (e.g. incorrect IBAN provided by you or technical failure of your payment service provider, etc) to transfer instead (parts of) available F- or E-Tokens having the same value in a currency which is legal tender at the time when the failure has occurred. The received F- or E-Tokens completely replace the payment without any further claim.   Bitpanda Metals reserves the right to change, amend and/or disallow accepted payment methods at its own discretion.   You are solely responsible for the accuracy of your own wallet-addresses inside a Bitpanda System and for ensuring that they are correct and kept up to date. Bitpanda Metals assumes no liability whatsoever for any failures of a Bitpanda Client with respect to wallet addresses inside a Bitpanda System.
Right of withdrawal   You must explicitly give up your 14-day right of withdrawal, from which consumers benefit according to section 11 of the Fern- und Auswärtsgeschäfte-Gesetz (FAGG), in order to allow Bitpanda Metals in accordance with section 18 para 1 no 11 FAGG to transfer M-Token before the right of withdrawal expires. Bitpanda System transmits a confirmation of the closed contract to the respective Bitpanda Client according to section 5 para 2 of the FAGG immediately after the CCOFA.
Data Protection   Over the course of delivering the negotiated services, Bitpanda Metals is compliant with the GDPR as set forth in the Data Protection Terms.
Risks   You as a Bitpanda Client understand and accept the following risks in connection with using Bitpanda Systems. In particular, but without being limited to these examples, you understand the inherent risks set forth above and hereinafter:   Risk of software weaknesses: The underlying software application and software platform, the Bitpanda Systems, mobile applications and System technology, the smart contract systems and other involved software and technology and technical concepts and theories are still in an early development stage and unproven. There is no guarantee or warranty that the process for receipt, use and ownership of any digital information units will be uninterrupted or error-free and there is an inherent risk that the software and related technologies and theories could contain weaknesses, vulnerabilities or bugs causing, inter alia, the complete loss of any digital information units, in particular but not limited to Token, Euros or any value of any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units.   Regulatory risk: It is possible that certain jurisdictions will apply existing regulations, or introduce new regulations addressing, on blockchain technology-based applications and/or Services, which may have negative influence on the current setup of the Systems and which may, inter alia, result in substantial modifications of the any digital information units/Bitpanda System technology, including its termination or the loss of any digital information units or any value which any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units might have. Bitpanda System technology is planned for a market, which is not regulated by financial markets rules. It is the design and intended structure not to fall under any financial market rules and Bitpanda Metals and Bitpanda GmbH intend to design, modify and/or adapt the Bitpanda System technology in such way that financial market rules are not applicable on any digital information units and/or Bitpanda System technology. Respectively within the regulatory risk category also changes in the Bitpanda System technology with respect to such adaptions, amendments and re-designs may cause termination or the loss of any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units or any value which any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units might have.   Risk of theft and internet vulnerability: The underlying software application and software platform, the Bitpanda System technology, the smart contract system(s), other involved software, other technology components and/or platforms may be exposed to electronic or physical attacks that could result in theft or loss of cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units, or the theft or loss of private data, impacting the ability to develop, launch or use Bitpanda System technology. You should be aware that SMS/messages and email services are vulnerable to spoofing and phishing attacks and should use care in reviewing messages purporting to originate from Bitpanda Metals or Bitpanda GmbH. You should always log into your Bitpanda Client Account through https://www.bitpanda.com to review any transactions or required actions if you have any uncertainty regarding the authenticity of any communication or notice. You should note that phishing attacks often occur despite SMS or email or equivalent services, via search engines or ads in search engines, or other fraudulent links. Neither does Bitpanda Metals nor Bitpanda GmbH take any responsibility for lost Tokens or any other funds due to spoofing, phishing or other equivalent attacks.   Risk of depreciation in value/volatility: The value of M-Token may experience extreme volatility.   General risk: There is no guarantee/warranty whatsoever on precious metals and/or the success of the Bitpanda System technology, expressed or implied, to the extent permitted by law, and that precious metals are obtained at the sole risk of the Bitpanda Client on an “as is” basis and without, to the extent permitted by law, any guarantees/warranties of any kind.   Tax risk: The tax consequences of the allocation or purchase of precious metals as well as the exchange of precious metals, the holding of precious metals, and/or any other action or transaction related to precious metals may have tax implications at the level of a Bitpanda Client; therefore, you should contact your own tax advisors on the tax consequences in connection with the Token and the Bitpanda System technology; by making a Bitpanda Client Offer to Bitpanda Metals, and/or by receiving, using or holding cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units, and to the extent permitted by law, you agree not to hold any associated party (including Bitpanda Metals, Bitpanda GmbH as well as their auditors, contractors, advisors, employees or founders) liable for any tax liability associated with or arising from making an Bitpanda Client Offer, the allocation, use or ownership of precious metals or any other action or transaction related to precious metals.
Warnings   Investing in cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units is highly speculative with a risk of loss of the entire capital invested. Such investment is only suitable for users, who can bear a loss of the entire invested capital.   Investing in cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units means investing in something totally new and unpredictable. Such investment is only suitable for users, who want to take maximum risk.   Cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units are no currencies or means of payment and are neither accepted by states, central banks nor must a private person accept them in any way.   Bitpanda Metals does not take any responsibility for the prices of precious metals and you trade in precious metals at your behalf and risk.   You use the offered Bitpanda Systems at your own risk.
Miscelleanous   Bitpanda group manages the Bitpanda Systems with due care. Nevertheless, systems for the exchange of digital information units combine various new fields of experimental technology and it is very likely that interruptions, failures and other problems occur. Neither Bitpanda Metals nor Bitpanda GmbH gives any guarantee with respect to finding solutions for any such problems as soon as possible. Bitpanda Metals and Bitpanda GmbH assume no responsibility other than to try to find solutions and therefore assume no liability whatsoever for any damage caused by interruptions of a Bitpanda System because any such interruptions are immanent in an experimental field of technology.   You are aware that technology-based systems like Bitpanda Systems need maintenance work and development work and that for such work interruptions of the systems (planned and unplanned) are necessary and system immanent.   Bitpanda Metals shall   via business clients only be liable for any direct and foreseeable damage in the case of intent or in cases physical damages of persons negligently caused by Bitpanda Metals.   via consumers only be liable for any direct and foreseeable damage in the case of intent, gross negligence or in cases of physical damages of persons negligently caused by Bitpanda Metals.   in no case be liable for indirect damages, consequential damages, especially regarding damages to other software, lost profit, pure property damages of a Bitpanda Client or third-party damage.   in particular not be liable for damages caused by interruptions of Bitpanda Systems which are necessary for maintenance work or to avoid network disturbances and/or which are caused by inevitable occurrences which are outside Bitpanda Metal's and Bitpanda GmbH’s control (e.g. energy network disturbances; regulatory authority interference or on-site visits; strikes, riots, environmental causes like earthquakes, storms, etc; wars or national or international conflicts with and without arms; international or national sanctions against certain products, services, persons, countries; legal limitations to cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units at any time or place worldwide; network interference, computer failures or criminal activities through third parties (for example hacking).   not be liable for and cannot guarantee that the security certificates displayed on any Bitpanda System are completely secure.   not be liable for any loss of customer data (e.g. due to hacker attacks) which are beyond Bitpanda Metal's and Bitpanda GmbH’s sphere. A Bitpanda Client shall be informed immediately about the loss of data.   assume no liability for (i) stored E-Token in any hot and/or cold wallet for a Bitpanda Client; (ii) information of the Bitpanda Client used for transactions into or out of Bitpanda Systems, (iii) transactions into or out of Bitpanda Systems, (iv) a Bitpanda Client or person using websites, mobile applications or services, not provided by Bitpanda Metals or Bitpanda GmbH such as third party wallet services or any other services of any third party and (v) any user's login data, Bitpanda Client login data, 2FA data, or other user data. In using websites or services, not provided by Bitpanda Metals or Bitpanda GmbH such as wallet services or any other services of any third parties, Bitpanda Metals and Bitpanda GmbH expressly disclaim any liability for the third-party services and are not responsible for the performance of the third-party services or supplier. You as a Bitpanda Client use these services completely at your own risk. Funds sent to such third parties cannot be reverted, as these parties are not willing to. We can and will not check the reliability of these third parties. We have no obligation to contact or solve the problem with any third party.
Bitpanda Metals undertakes to care for the M-Token stored by the Bitpanda Client to the extent to which it is reasonably technically manageable in Bitpanda Systems.   Bitpanda Metals has the right to disclose any data to any competent authority if the data is requested to be disclosed by such authority in order to track or investigate any relevant cases under the Austrian Criminal Code (StGB). Bitpanda Metals reserves the right to cooperate with such authorities to the maximum extent possible.   You accept and confirm with each transaction hereunder that you accept and confirm these GTC in the current form.   If one or more of the provisions of these GTC or one or more of the schedules hereto are or will become invalid or unenforceable, or if one or more of the provisions of these GTC or one or more of the schedules hereto are or will become incomplete, the other provisions of these GTC and the schedules hereto will remain valid without limitation, save that the main obligations of the parties hereunder remain unaffected. Such provisions – having been found illegal or unenforceable in whole or in part, shall be ineffective solely to the extent of such determination of invalidity or unenforceability only with respect to the jurisdiction in which it has been found illegal or unenforceable, without having any effect on any other jurisdiction. Each invalid or unenforceable provision shall be replaced or completed by a valid and enforceable provision in such a way that the new provision closely reflects the legal and economic effects the parties have concurrently aimed at in the invalid or unenforceable provision.   Changes to and amendments of these GTC, including this clause, may be made by Bitpanda Metals at any time and become effective at the earlier of (i) the Bitpanda Client accepts online the amended GTC or (ii) within 1 month after having published such changes or amendments.   The GTC exclusively govern the relationship between you and Bitpanda Metals and supersede any prior statements or agreements. Any terms and conditions (AGB) of you are excluded from being applicable on the relationship between you and Bitpanda Metals.   The failure of Bitpanda Metals to enforce or to exercise, at any time or for any period of time any term of or any right or remedy arising pursuant to or under the GTC shall not constitute, and shall not be construed as, a waiver of such term or right or remedy and shall in no way affect Bitpanda Metals' right to enforce or exercise it later, provided that such right is not time barred, expired or precluded. Any waiver to this effect must be explicitly made in writing.   Bitpanda Metals and you agree on English language with respect to our communication. Subject to the German terms in brackets referring to Austrian legal terms (which shall be interpreted only with respect to their meaning under Austrian law and with respect to the German language term in brackets), any other language used shall be only used for purposes of convenience. Respectively every communication or notice shall be made in English language. The English language version of these GTC is the prevailing version.   The GTC and any transaction hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Austria to the exclusion of the provisions of the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods and without giving effect to any statutory conflict of law provisions or rules that would cause the application of the law of any jurisdiction other than Austria.   Any and all disputes or divergences or claims shall be exclusively dealt with the court having pertinent competence for 1010 Vienna.
Annex I Definitions 2FA Means the proof of identity of a Bitpanda Client by combining two different and independent components (factors).
Bitpanda Client has the meaning given to it in point 2.2. Bitpanda Client Account has the meaning given to it in point 4.1. Bitpanda Client Offer has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.4. Bitpanda Metals has the meaning given to it in point 1.1. Bitpanda Savings has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.2. Bitpanda Swap has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.3. Bitpanda Systems has the meaning given to it in point 1.1. Bitpanda To Go has the meaning given to it in point 7.1. Business Day Is a working day on which Austrian credit institutions are open to the public. CCOFA or Contract Conclusion and Order Fulfillment Action has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.5. Cooperation Voucher has the meaning given to it in point 6.1. Default in Payment has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.5. E-Token has the meaning given to it in point 3.1. F-Token has the meaning given to it in point 3.1. Fiat Wallet has the meaning given to it in point 4.5. Final Offer Click has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.1. Final Offer Click Savings has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.2. Final Offer Click Swap has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.3. Final Offer Clicks has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.2. and 3.1.3. Final Rate has the meaning given to it in point 8.1. M-Token has the meaning given to it in point 3.1. Multiple Debit Order has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.2. Offer Period has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.4. Price Guarantee has the meaning given to it in point 3.1.1. Reference Period has the meaning given to it in point 4.7. Services has the meaning given to it in point 1.2. Token has the meaning given to it in point 3.1. Token Voucher has the meaning given to it in point 7.1. Wallet has the meaning given to it in point 4.5. Definitions In the GTC, the following terms have the meanings specified or referred to in the following overview and shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms. Bitpanda Privacy Policy The current version of this Privacy Policy is: March 2021 1. About this Privacy Policy Privacy and the security of transactions are core elements of cryptocurrencies, blockchain technology and its whole global movement. Bitpanda really appreciates the trust Clients have in us when trading cryptocurrencies and other digital assets on our platform. For this reason, privacy and data security have an enormously high priority for the Bitpanda group. It is very important to us that you feel safe during your visit to our website and while using our services as well as over the course of all other business transactions with us. As soon as you make use of products and/or services of Bitpanda, you entrust us with the processing of your personal data. Bitpanda wants to give you the best possible experience with our platform to ensure that you enjoy the usage of our products and services now and in the future. That’s why we want to understand the user behaviour on our platform in order to improve it continuously. Thus, besides being needed for our provided services, it is also necessary for improving usability to process your personal data. Therefore, in this Privacy Policy, we want to transparently inform you which personal data we collect from you, how we process it and to whom we might forward it in detail. Furthermore, we would like to inform you which precautions we take to protect your personal data, which rights you have in this context and to whom you can turn for data protection concerns. Regarding the terms used in this Privacy Policy, such as “Processing” or “Controller”, we refer to the definitions of the GDPR. This Privacy Policy is drafted in English and German. In case of conflict the English version shall be the binding version. 2. About Bitpanda Group Bitpanda GmbH and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (hereinafter referred to as "Bitpanda" or "Bitpanda Group" or "we") offer via its websites www.bitpanda.com, exchange.bitpanda.com and its mobile application (“Mobile App”) (together hereinafter referred to as "website" or “platform”) services and products related to buying and selling cryptocurrencies and other digital assets as well as payment and IT services. Bitpanda GmbH with its business address at Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria, registered in the commercial register of the Commercial Court of Vienna under FN 423018k is the parent company and is the content provider of the Platform as well as responsible for the offer of cryptocurrencies on it.  Bitpanda Group consists of the following companies which are all subsidiaries of Bitpanda GmbH: Bitpanda Metals GmbH: has its business address at Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria, is registered in the commercial register of the Commercial Court of Vienna under FN 511923 d, and offers trading with precious metals via the platform www.bitpanda.com. Bitpanda Payments GmbH: has its business address at Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria, is registered in the commercial register of the Commercial Court of Vienna under FN 501412x, and offers different payment services via the platform www.bitpanda.com. Bitpanda UK Limited: has its business address at 68 Hanbury Street, E1 5JL, London, United Kingdom, is registered in the Companies House under company number 11106704, and acts as a service provider for the Bitpanda Group. Pantos GmbH: has its business address at Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria, is registered in the commercial register of the Commercial Court of Vienna under FN 481562 f, and develops new blockchain applications and offers its own cryptocurrency via the platform www.bitpanda.com, see also www.pantos.io. Bitpanda Customer Care GmbH: has its business address at Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria, is registered in the commercial register of the Commercial Court of Vienna under FN 523486 h and acts as a service provider for the Bitpanda Group. Bitpanda Financial Services GmbH: has its business address at Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria, is registered in the commercial register of the Commercial Court of Vienna under FN 551181 k and acts as a service provider for the Bitpanda Group and provides the reception and transmission of orders in accordance with the Austrian Securities Supervision Act 2018 (Wertpapieraufsichtsgesetz 2018 or “WAG”). Bitpanda Asset Management GmbH:has its business address at Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 36, 60325 Frankfurt am Main, Germany and is registered in the commercial register of the Commercial Court of Frankfurt am Main under HRB 121696. Bitpanda Teknoloji A.Ş.:has its business address at Esentepe Mahallesi Kir Gülü Sk. Metrocity is Merkezi D, Block Apt. No 4/4, Şişli, Istanbul, Turkey, is registered in the Trade Register of Istanbul under 243948-5 and is a service provider for the Bitpanda Group.
3. Applicability: To whom does this Privacy Policy apply? This Privacy Policy applies to all persons who use Bitpanda's services, the website, the apps or interacts otherwise with the Bitpanda Group (e.g. business partners, interested parties, service providers, etc.); generally, such persons hereinafter called "Client” or “you”. Payment services: For data processing in connection with the usage of payment services offered by Bitpanda Payments GmbH, we also refer to their privacy policy. Digital securities: For data processing in connection with the reception and transmission of orders regarding digital securities offered by Bitpanda Financial Services GmbH, we also refer to their privacy policy. Cookies: For data processing in connection with cookies and similar technologies, please also check our cookie policy. 4. Minors: Are minors allowed to use Bitpanda’s services? No, the products and services of Bitpanda are not directed to people under the age of 18 years. Only persons of legal age are permitted to use the services of Bitpanda and register for an account. Therefore, we are not knowingly collecting personal data from minors. So, if you are under the age of 18 years, please do not use Bitpanda’s platform and do not provide us with any personal data. 5. Controller:  Who is responsible for the data processing and who can you contact? Bitpanda is aware that both the protection and the careful handling of your personal data are very important. Bitpanda will solely use the personal data provided by you in compliance with the applicable data protection requirements, this Privacy Policy and your consent. Generally, each company of the Bitpanda Group is a controller and/or joint controller in the meaning of Art 4 para 7 GDPR and therefore responsible for the processing of personal data in connection with the services provided by the specific company (for the different services see Point 2). Due to the high data security standards in the Bitpanda Group, Bitpanda considers it necessary to implement a group-wide uniform data protection strategy. Thus, Bitpanda GmbH, as parent company, acts as a central point of contact for all data protection issues concerning all services offered by the Bitpanda Group via the platform or the Mobile App. If you have any questions in connection with the processing of your personal data and the exercising of your rights under GDPR, you can contact our privacy team: privacy@bitpanda.com Please note that for certain requests, we require further identification data from you (e.g. Passport, ID card, etc), in order to ensure that your personal data is only shared with you. 6. Data categories and sources:  Which personal data do we process and from which sources does the data originate? We process the personal data that we receive from you within the scope of the business relationship and usage of our Website. Furthermore, we might process data we receive within the Bitpanda Group and data we have received from credit agencies, debtor directories, business analysis providers (e.g. CRIF GmbH, KSV 1870 Holding AG, Dow Jones News GmbH, Factiva Limited, Sift Science Inc.) and from publicly accessible sources (e.g. commercial register, register of associations, land register, media, sanctions lists). When using Bitpanda's services or interacting with Bitpanda, the following personal data might be processed: Contact data: when creating a new user account or communicating with Bitpanda, we might process for example: name, address, telephone number, email, date of birth, photo for the account, etc. Verification data: when an account is verified, also depending on the level of verification, therefore we might process for example: screenshots of national identity documents, like passport, driving licence, ID card, and identification data from these documents, utility bill details for residence verification, data about status of political exposed persons, video data from the video authentication process, biometric data for verification (see point 8), etc. Financial data: over the course of purchase and sale transactions, we might process for example: bank details (IBAN, BIC), payment service provider information, payment details, transaction-ID, etc. Log data: during activities on the website, we might process for example: IP-address, transaction data, deposit and withdrawal address, computer or mobile device information, frequency, time, operating system, browser type, device type, unique device identification number, identification cookies (e.g. for the Affiliate and Tell-a-Friend programme), optionally form data, crash reports, performance data, third-party cookies, etc. Mobile app data: when using the Mobile App, we might process for example: IP-address, transaction data, deposit and withdrawal address, mobile device information, frequency, time, operating system, browser type, device type, unique device identification number, optionally form data, crash reports, performance data and only with your explicit consent, data from: camera, microphone, storage, telephone (read SMS confirmation). Company details: if you use a business account we might process for example: commercial register reports, data of or concerning beneficial owners, records or additional information on recent, past or planned business activities, other data necessary to determine/validate the structure, the beneficial ownership or any power of attorney of the company, etc. Details to and proof of funds: if proof of funds is necessary, we might process for example: banking statements or any other details provided by banks or financial institutions, contracts of sales or contracts in general, or any other suitable data to prove or determine the origin of funds, if exceeding the daily/monthly or general limits on Bitpanda or upgrading to Bitpanda Plus “High Limit Service or OTC Service” (more info see https://www.bitpanda.com/plus). In order to determine Client's purpose for using the above-mentioned services or trading volume additional information on recent, past or planned business or personal activities of business or private Clients or other data to determine the Client’s intentions, if necessary, can be processed, as requested by Bitpanda or provided by the Client. Support requests: if you contact our support, we might process for example: personal data provided to the support team when you submit a request to Bitpanda's support team or any other member of the Bitpanda team. Marketing data: if you visit our website or social media sites (like the Facebook Fanpage) or during the usage of the Mobile App, we might process statistical and marketing data for example: number of visitors, frequency, clicks, time, places, target groups, data from cookies and similar technologies (Pixels, ClearGIFs, etc.), consumer’s behaviour, interests and preferences, data about market research and target groups surveys, etc.; for social media see also point 11 and for cookies our Cookie Policy Photo, video and audio data: When we attend or organise events or fairs or hold interviews with people, we may take photos and other recordings of such events and might process photo, video and audio data. However, we will always inform you separately about such recordings. Hiring data: if you apply for a job on our website or via LinkedIn, we might process data which is necessary for the recruitment process, for example: contact data, curriculum vitae, qualifications, police clearance certificate, credit report, national identity documents like passport, driving licence and the data from all these documents, links to your portfolio or social media platforms, etc.
7. Purpose and legal basis for using personal data:  For which purposes and on what legal basis do we process your personal data? All processing is performed in accordance with the GDPR and the Austrian Data Protection Act (DSG). We process your personal data based on at least one of the legal bases listed below. If Bitpanda were to ask for the provision of any other personal data not described above, then such data and the purpose and legal basis for the collection and processing will be communicated to the Client at the point of collecting the personal data. 7.1. For the performance of contractual obligations (Art 6 para 1 lit b GDPR): Processing of personal data might be necessary for the performance of the contract with you or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. The following data processing operations, for example, are covered by such contractual obligations: general performance of our services, all tasks necessary for the operation, performance and administration of Bitpanda and its platform; account management (e.g. continuous updating of Client data);  execution of your orders (e.g. payment processing, chargebacks, proof of purchase and selling);  performance of the Affiliate programme and the Tell-a-Friend programme;  Client service and support requests (e.g. contacting because of complications, Zendesk); video authentication process if you register for an account on our website (validation of identity); analysis and improvement of the platform's quality and the general user experience (e.g. performance tracking on the platform); data security and IT-security on our website and safeguarding our network (e.g. prevention of identity theft and defective or suspicious accesses to our websites); application processing and data transmission for the Bitpanda Debit Card (see point 9.4.); data processing and data transmission to precious metals vendors for the transferral of ownership of precious metals to you in accordance with your order; recruitment process for new employees.
7.2. For compliance with legal obligations (Art 6 para 1 lit c GDPR): Processing of personal data might also be necessary for complying with various legal obligations (e.g. 5. AMLD, ZaDiG 2018, GewO 1994, etc.). The following data processing operations, for example, are covered by such legal obligations: contract management, accounting and invoicing; compliance and risk management; Know-Your-Customer measures like video authentication process (validation of identity) and proof of funds; monitoring for prevention of fraud, misuse (e.g. for illegal purposes), money laundering and terrorist financing; providing information to fiscal criminal authorities in the context of fiscal criminal proceedings or to prosecution in accordance with official orders; consultation of credit agencies to determine creditworthiness and default risks.
7.3. To protect legitimate interests (Art 6 para 1 lit f GDPR): Where necessary, data processing might take place beyond the performance of the contract in order to maintain the legitimate interests of Bitpanda or a third party. The following data processing operations are covered by such a legitimate interest: prevention of fraud, misuse (e.g. for illegal purposes), money laundering and terrorist financing; risk management and risk minimisation e.g. through enquiries to credit agencies, debtor directories or providers of business analysis; identification and examination of potentially defective or suspicious business cases and accesses to our websites (e.g. website analysis via Sift Science); data transmission within the Bitpanda Group for internal administrative purposes; account management and handling general Client requests and inquiries; measures for protecting our Clients and Partners, as well as safeguarding network and information security; also measures to protect our employees, Clients and property of Bitpanda e.g. through video surveillance (erasing cycle 72 h) and from external data centres and service providers; processing inquiries from authorities, lawyers, collection agencies in the course of legal prosecution and enforcement of legal claims in the context of legal proceedings; market research, business management and continuing development of services and products; processing statistical data, performance data and market research data via the website, the Mobile App or social media platforms (e.g. Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, YouTube, etc.); processing Client preferences (e.g. language, region) via cookies on our website (see also our Cookie Policy; direct marketing and advertising (e.g. performance of marketing strategies, targeting of Clients, dispatch of vouchers, advertisement from Bitpanda and its partner companies); use of audio, video and photo data from public spaces (e.g. public events, fairs, etc.) for marketing and other representation purposes on our social media channels or our website; performance tracking of the Affiliate programme and the Tell-a-Friend programme.
7.4. Based on your consent (Art 6 para 1 lit a GDPR): If you have given us your consent to process your personal data, processing will only take place in accordance with the defined purposes and to the extent agreed in the declaration of consent. Given consent may be withdrawn at any time without giving reasons and with future effect, if you no longer agree to the processing. For example, with your consent we are processing data for the following purposes: for the use of all functions of the Mobile App (e.g. telephone permission to read SMS confirmation, camera to scan barcodes, microphone for commands, etc.); direct marketing and advertising (e.g. Client satisfaction surveys, newsletters, sweepstakes and other advertising communications); website analysis and tracking for advertising purposes (see also our Cookie Policy; Certain uses of audio, video and photo data (e.g. commercials, interviews, etc.) for marketing and other representational purposes via various channels; Automated authentication process when you verify yourself using the service (“Onfido”) of Onfido Limited (validation of identity); application management system, recruitment process and handling your application (e.g. voluntary retention of application data for 2 years, data transfer from your social media account when using the tool “Apply with LinkedIn” see point 11).
Please note that the withdrawal of the consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. 8. Special categories of personal data:  Does Bitpanda process special categories of personal data? No, generally Bitpanda does not process special categories of Clients' personal data of. This includes data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, as well as genetic and biometric data (Art 9 para 1 GDPR). However, there is one exception to this when you voluntarily perform the verification of your account using the automated authentication process (Onfido) of our service provider Onfido Limited (3 Finsbury Avenue, London EC2M 2PA).  With this verification method, in addition to the actual verification data (e.g. screenshots of ID documents and identification data from these, residence, status of politically exposed persons, video data, etc.), biometric data (e.g. personal data resulting from specific technical processing in connection with the physical, physiological or behavioral characteristics of a person and enabling the unique identification of a person, e.g. facial images, dactyloscopic data) is also collected. Such processing of biometric data takes place exclusively on the basis of your express consent, which you may revoke at any time. The biometric data will be processed solely by our processor Onfido Limited for the purpose of verification and will be erased completely within 30 days after performing the identification. Bitpanda only receives the positive or negative verification result with other verification data and does not process biometric data from Clients itself at any time. 9. Recipients of personal data:  Who receives your personal data? The protection and confidentiality of your personal data is important to Bitpanda. Therefore, we transfer your personal data only to the extent described below or within the scope of an instruction at the time the data is collected from you. In addition, personal data that we collect concerning you will neither be sold by us nor otherwise disclosed to third parties. 9.1. Data transfer within the Bitpanda Group: Within the Bitpanda Group, those offices or employees will receive your personal data who need it to fulfil the contractual and legal obligations and legitimate interests. We transfer personal data for the purpose of our daily business operations like account management and other operations requested by you as well as to conduct internal administrative activities efficiently in a shared way and to maintain as well as improve our products and services. 9.2. Data transfer to processors: To a limited extent, we also transmit personal information to processors who perform services for us such as video authentication services (e.g. IDnow GmbH, youniqx Identity AG, Onfido Limited), IT services (Amazon Web Services Inc.), Client support (Zendesk Inc.), improvement of our website (Hotjar Limited); performance of contracts, account management, accounting, invoicing, examination of defective or suspicious business cases (Sift Science Inc), application management (Lever Inc.) and sending out newsletters (e.g. UAB MailerLite). Processors may only use or disclose this data to the extent necessary to perform services for us or to comply with legal rules. We contractually oblige these processors to ensure the confidentiality and security of your personal data that they process on our behalf.  9.3. Data transfer to public bodies and institutions: We might also transfer your personal data (i) if we are required to do so by law or in the context of legal proceedings, (ii) if we believe that disclosure is necessary to prevent damages or financial loss, or (iii) in connection with an investigation into suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activities. 9.4. Data transfer to other third parties: Joint Controllership: If Bitpanda acts together with other parties as joint controller (e.g. processing data for jointly determined purposes within the Bitpanda Group), we provide those parties with personal data if applicable and based on at least one of the legal bases listed above under Point 7. In case of a joint controllership, we transmit your personal data only based on a sufficient agreement with our partners (Art 26 GDPR). Other third parties: Bitpanda might transfer your personal data to any other person with your consent to the disclosure or the purpose of performing a contract or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract, especially in regard of Bitpanda Payments GmbH and/or Bitpanda Metals GmbH, as far as the disclosure is necessary for the processing of payment services (privacy policy of Bitpanda Payments GmbH) or the purchase and sale of precious metals. Bitpanda debit card: To offer the Bitpanda debit card, Bitpanda cooperates with UAB Finansinės paslaugos (“Contis”), with the company code 304406236, registered in the Register of Legal Entities of the Republic of Lithuania, having a head office at Mėnulio g. 11-101, Vilnius, Lithuania. If you order the Bitpanda debit card via our website we will transfer your personal data as required to process your application for the Bitpanda debit card (such as verification data, contact data, financial data) to Contis. Contis will process your personal data to issue the Bitpanda debit card and will create and manage an account with Contis for you. Contis is an independent data controller. For further information as to the type of personal data we share with Contis and the uses made by them of that data, you should also read the privacy policy of Contis which is available here on the website of Contis. 10. International data transfer: Is data transferred to third countries or international organisations? Your personal data may be accessed by staff or suppliers in, transferred to, and/or stored at, a destination outside the country in which you are located, whose data protection laws might be of a lower standard than those in the European Union. However, Bitpanda will in all circumstances safeguard personal data as set out in this Privacy Policy. If we process personal data in a third country (outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area [EEA]) or if this occurs in the context of the use of third-party services or disclosure and/or transfer of personal data to third parties, we shall only transfer personal data to the performance of our (pre)contractual obligations, based on your consent, a legal obligation or our legitimate interests. Subject to legal or contractual authorisations, we process or have personal data processed in a third country only where the conditions of Art 44 et seq GDPR are met. This means, for example, that processing and the transfer is carried out based on special safeguards, such as the adherence to a code of conduct or certification mechanism together with binding and enforceable commitments from the recipient in the third country to apply the appropriate safeguards to protect the data or compliance with officially recognised special contractual obligations published by the European Commission (known as “Standard Contractual Clauses”). Please contact privacy@bitpanda.com if you need further information regarding the international data transfer or if you would like to see a copy of the specific safeguards applied to the export of your personal data. 11. Social Media presence:  Are data processed on social media platforms and who is responsible in such cases? General: Bitpanda maintains social media presence on different platforms (see below) in order to communicate with its active Clients, prospective Clients and interested social media users about Bitpanda’s services, products and other news. When you access such social media platforms, the general terms and conditions, as well as the privacy policies of these operators, additionally apply. We would like to point out that user data may also be processed outside the European Union. This can result in risks for users due to different legal frameworks (e.g. it could make it more difficult to enforce data subject rights). As part of the technical process of different social media platforms (e.g. Google, Facebook, Twitter, etc.), these platforms will know when you click on content or a website you are visiting, if you are logged in to your social media account at the same time. Such information is collected by social media platforms and assigned to your social media accounts, regardless of whether you click on content of this platform or not. By logging out from your accounts, you can prevent such companies from associating the information collected with your accounts. The activities of those companies are not controlled by Bitpanda and therefore, we do not assume any liability for damages that you may incur through the use of your data by these companies. For more information regarding tracking, cookies and similar technologies as well as opt-out possibilities, have a look at our Cookie Policy. Controller: Bitpanda can only process personal data of social media users if they communicate directly with Bitpanda via such platforms (e.g. number of visitors, posted articles, likes, direct messages, Client inquiries, comments, etc.). In such cases, Bitpanda is also responsible for the processing of personal data gathered thereby. In addition to the data processing by us, other providers, in particular operators of social networks and platforms, also process personal user data. We have no influence on this data processing and are not responsible for it - the data processing takes place exclusively in the area of responsibility of the other providers. For a detailed explanation of the respective processing and the possibilities of objection (opt-out) by providers of social media networks, we refer to the respective privacy policies of the providers (see below). In the case of requests for information and the assertion of data subject rights regarding data processing by other providers, we point out that these can be asserted with the below-mentioned providers. Only the providers have access to the data of the users and can directly take appropriate measures and give information. Our social media pages and channels and links to their privacy policies:  Our social media pages and channels Privacy Policy Instagram Link Facebook Link LinkedIn Link Twitter Link Telegram Link YouTube Link Reddit Link Pinterest Link VK Link
Facebook Insights: Bitpanda maintains a Facebook Fanpage (“Fanpage”) and uses the associated analytic tool “Facebook Insights”. With this tool, Bitpanda receives anonymous statistical evaluations about its Fanpage (e.g. number of visitors, frequency, target groups, etc.). For the processing of personal data in this context Bitpanda and Facebook Ireland Limited (“Facebook”) are joint controllers (Art 4 para 7 GDPR) and therefor jointly responsible for the data processing. A corresponding agreement is in place between Bitpanda and Facebook in accordance with 26 para 1 GDPR, which can be accessed via this link. However, Bitpanda does not store any of this data, the data is solely stored by Facebook and processed via Insights. For all questions and inquiries regarding Facebook Insight, Facebook acts as single point of contact and can be contacted via this link. Apply with LinkedIn Button: When using the opportunity to apply for jobs via the social sign-in button “Apply with LinkedIn”, provided by the social network LinkedIn (LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, California 94043, USA) you permit Bitpanda to access your LinkedIn profile. After clicking on the button “Apply with LinkedIn” you will be directed to LinkedIn to enter your LinkedIn access data. You can select the data you want to share with Bitpanda and only the data you choose is transferred to Bitpanda. Bitpanda will not receive any information about your login or access data on LinkedIn. For further information please also see the privacy policy from LinkedIn. 12. Newsletter: What’s the legal basis for electronic notifications and how to unsubscribe? In our email newsletter (e.g. coin-update), we inform you about Bitpanda’s services and products. If you would like to receive our newsletter, you have to subscribe with your email address. We send newsletters and other electronic notifications only with your expressly consent if you’ve subscribed for it (double opt-in) or which is recorded during registration for a Bitpanda account, or where there is a legal basis to do so (e.g. Art. 107 para 3 of the Austrian Telecommunications Act [TKG]). With the double opt-in procedure, we check whether you are the holder of the email address given or if its holder agrees with receiving electronic notifications. This procedure serves as proof in case a third party misuses an email address through registering to receive the newsletter without the knowledge of the entitled party.  Our Newsletter is performed by UAB MailerLite (J. Basanavičiaus 15, LT-03108 Vilnius, Lithuania) and in the newsletter so-called web beacons (also called ClearGIFs or tracking pixels) might be used. Such web beacons provide us with a better understanding of our Clients' interactions with the newsletter. They fulfil a similar function as cookies, but they are not visible to users. Information can be obtained via web beacons, in particular about whether an email was opened and whether the user’s system is capable of receiving HTML emails. You may unsubscribe from our newsletter, e.g. by withdrawing your consent, at any time. You can unsubscribe when you are logged into your account and furthermore you will find a link to unsubscribe at the end of each notification. Please note that we will continue to process your personal data until you withdraw your consent to the storage of the data, so that we can prove consent previously given to receive newsletters. The processing of this data is limited to the purpose of a possible defence against claims and you shall have the right to request the deletion of your personal data. 13. Retention and deletion periods: For how long is my personal data processed (stored) and when will it be deleted? We retain your personal data, as far as necessary, for the duration of the entire business relationship (from initiation through performance to termination of a contract), and in principal 1 year after termination of the business relationship. Beyond this we retain your data only for a longer period, in accordance with statutory retention and documentation obligations, to defend legal claims or with your explicit consent.  The retention period is thus determined by the statutory retention periods or limitation periods. In accordance with the Austrian Enterprise Code (UGB) and the Federal Tax Code (BAO) 7 years, in accordance with the Financial Market Money Laundering Act (FM-GWG) 10 years, in accordance with the Equal Treatment Act (GIBG) half a year, and in certain cases between 3 and 30 years according to the Austrian General Civil Code (ABGB) e.g. if data is required as evidence for legal disputes or for as long as there are other legitimate interests in retention. Unless expressly stated in this Privacy Policy, personal data processed by us shall be erased as soon as they are no longer required for their intended purpose and the erasure does not conflict with any statutory retention obligations. 14. Data subject rights: What rights and options under GDPR do I have? Right of access:  You have the right to request confirmation from us as to whether we are processing personal data concerning you. Where personal data concerning you is being processed, you have the right, to receive information from us within a reasonable time regarding the personal data stored about you and to receive a copy of the personal data concerning you which is undergoing processing. Please use this link if you are logged into your account to submit such a data access request.  Right to rectification: You shall have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you. Considering the purposes of the processing, you shall also have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement. Right to erasure: You shall have the right to request from Bitpanda the erasure of personal data concerning you, where one of the following grounds applies and if no further processing is required: the personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected; you withdraw your consent on which the processing was based and where there is no other legal basis or overriding legitimate interest for the processing; the personal data have been unlawfully processed; or erasure of the personal data is required for compliance with a legal obligation under European Union or Member State law to which the Controller is subject.
Requests for the erasure of personal data must include the respective ground (Art 17 para 1 GDPR). Right to restriction of processing: You shall have the right to request from us the restriction of processing where one of the following conditions applies: you contest the accuracy of the personal data (the restriction shall be put in place for a period which enables Bitpanda to verify the accuracy of the personal data); the processing of your personal data was unlawful, and you oppose the erasure of your personal data and request instead the restriction of their use; Bitpanda no longer requires your personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you require them for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims; or You have objected to processing of your personal data and it has not yet been determined whether the legitimate grounds of Bitpanda override your own.
Right to data portability: You shall have the right to receive the personal data concerning you which you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You shall also have the right to request that we transfer these data directly to another controller, designated by you, where this is technically feasible and does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. The right to data portability may only be exercised where the basis of the processing is either your consent or a (pre)contractual necessity, and where the processing is carried out by automated means. The right to data portability does not apply to processing which is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller. Right to object: You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time if the processing is based on our legitimate interests. If you have objected to processing, we shall no longer process your personal data, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or unless the processing is for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims. The objection does not affect the lawfulness of processing your personal data based on legitimate interests before your withdrawal. Contact: To exercise one of the above-mentioned rights you can send an email to privacy@bitpanda.com or a letter to Bitpanda GmbH, Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria. Please note that for such requests we require further identification data from you (e.g. Passport, ID card, etc), in order to ensure that your personal data is only shared with you. 14. Objection Advertisement: How can I object to the processing of my data for advertising purposes? You can also object to any use of your personal data for advertising purposes. Please contact us via email privacy@bitpanda.com if you want to generally object to the processing of your data for advertising purposes. The objection does not affect the lawfulness of processing your personal data based on legitimate interests before your withdrawal. You also have the possibility to directly opt-out from tracking and the setting of cookies for advertisement purposes with our Cookie Banner (please see also our Cookie Policy). Furthermore, you may unsubscribe from our newsletter using this link. Please keep in mind, however, that such an objection will only be made to the Bitpanda Group and that even after such an objection you might still receive advertising about Bitpanda from other providers on other websites over which we have no control. 15. Automated decision-making: Does Bitpanda use my personal data for automated decision-making including profiling? Bitpanda does not use personal data for automated decision-making including profiling within the meaning of Art 22 GDPR (e.g. decisions producing legal effects concerning data subjects, or otherwise significantly affecting them, based solely on automated processing of personal data, including profiling). 16. Processing for other purposes: Is my personal data processed for purposes other than those for which the personal data was collected? As a general principle of Bitpanda, we only process personal data for the purposes for which they were collected. In exceptional cases, however, we might process your personal data which we have collected for one specific purpose for another purpose. In this case, we will inform you before the intended processing about this purpose, the period for which your personal data will be stored, the exercise of data subject rights, the option to withdraw consent, the existence of the right to file a complaint with the data protection authority, whether provision of the data was necessary on legal or contractual grounds and what the consequences would be if it were not provided, and whether automated decision-making or profiling is carried out. 17. Supervisory authority: With which supervisory authority can I file a complaint? You have the right to file a complaint to the competent supervisory authority, if you think your rights have been violated under the GDPR. In Austria, this is the Data Protection Authority (Datenschutzbehörde). 18. Declaration of consent: How do I give my consent and how can I withdraw my consent? By checking the respective box as a part of the registration process or in case of an update after the login into your Bitpanda account, you expressly confirm that you have read the Privacy Policy and that you agree to the data processing as described therein. By checking the respective separate box for news and updates per email (newsletter) you expressly consent that you agree to receive electronic communication as described above in point 12. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time to Bitpanda GmbH, Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria, or via email to privacy@bitpanda.com. Please keep in mind that we might not be able to provide all our services to you anymore, if you withdraw your consent. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing your personal data based on consent before your withdrawal. 19. Data Security: How is my personal data protected? The security of data is very important to Bitpanda and we are committed to protecting data we collect. We maintain comprehensive administrative, technical and physical measures designed to protect your personal data against accidental, unlawful or unauthorised destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. These measures meet the highest international safety standards and are regularly reviewed regarding their effectiveness and suitability for achieving the intended safety objectives. We have implemented the following technical and organisational measures for example: SSL encryption on our websites from which we transfer personal data; two-factor authentication (2FA) for our platform;  ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of our systems and services; use of encrypted systems; pseudonymisation and anonymisation of personal data; entry, access and transfer control for our offices and systems; measures for rapid recoverability of the availability of personal data in the event of a physical or technical incident; measures for privacy by design and default on our platform like e.g. prevention of user enumeration; implementation of procedures for regular review, assessment and evaluation of the effectiveness of the technical and organisational measure to ensure the security of the processing like e.g. our bug bounty programme; internal IT security guidelines and IT security trainings;  incident-response management.
Please also make sure that you use the two-factor authentication (2FA) for your Bitpanda account, keep your access data confidential and protect your computer against unauthorised access. 20. Updates of this Privacy Policy: How will I find out about changes to this Privacy Policy? We, Bitpanda, are committed to upholding the principles of data protection up to date. For this reason, we regularly review and update our Privacy Policy. This is to ensure that it is correctly and clearly displayed on our website, contains appropriate information about your rights and our processing activities (also with regard to technical changes or business development) and is implemented in accordance with applicable law, thus complying with data protection requirements. We update this Privacy Policy from time to time when required, in order to take current circumstances into account. If we make significant changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you after the login into your account and provide you with the updated version of the Privacy Policy. If it is required by applicable law, Bitpanda will obtain your express consent to significant changes. 21. How to contact us? Thank you for reading our Privacy Policy!  If you have any further questions about this Privacy Policy or the processing of your personal data, please contact our privacy team: privacy@bitpanda.com Bitpanda Payments Terms & Conditions Framework agreement Version 1.0.0, valid as of October 8, 20191. Information by Bitpanda Payments GmbH pursuant to the Payment Services Act 2018, and the Remote Financial Services Act 1.1 Information and contractual terms regarding the payment service provider 1.1.1 Name, address and contact Bitpanda Payments GmbH (“Payments“) Address: Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, A-1020 Wien Email: support@bitpandapayments.at 1.1.2 Competent regulatory authority Financial Market Authority (Finanzmarktaufsicht), Department Bank Supervision (Bereich Bankenaufsicht), Otto-Wagner-Platz 5, 1090 Vienna 1.1.3 Registrations Entry in the electronic Register of Payments Services (Zahlungsdiensteregister) of the Financial Market Authority pursuant to Sec 13 para 2 of the Austrian Payment Services Act 2018 (Zahlungsdienstegesetz 2018; “ZaDiG 2018”) (www.fma.gv.at) Commercial Register Number: 501412 x; Register Court: Commercial Court of Vienna VAT registration number: ATU74324536 1.1.4 Main business activity Payments offers the following services: Payment Transfer Services: services for the execution of payment transactions, including the transfer of funds to a payment account with Payments or with another payment service provider. Money Remittance Services: services where funds are received from a payer, without any payment accounts being created (in the name of the payer or the payee), for the sole purpose of transferring a corresponding amount to a payee or to another payment service provider acting on behalf of the payee, or where such funds are received on behalf of and made available to the payee. Payment Initiation Services: a service to initiate a payment order at the request of the payment service user with respect to a payment account held at another payment service provider.
1.1.5 Business relationship Bitpanda GmbH Payments offers services exclusively to and enters into contracts only with verified clients of Bitpanda GmbH with its registered office in Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, registered in the commercial register under FN 423018k (register court: Commercial Court Vienna). Further information is contained in the GTC (see point 2.), in particular in point 2.1.2 (General Provisions)1.2 Framework agreement, information and commercial terms regarding the use of payment services 1.2.1 A person who orders a payment service from Payments via the Bitpanda Systems (as defined in point 2.3.1) is called a “Client” or “you”. 1.2.2 To provide payment services to a Client, the Client and Payments conclude a Framework Agreement (the “Framework Agreement”). The Framework Agreement contains the information pursuant to sec 48 ZaDiG 2018 including the information pursuant to sec 5, 7 and 8 of the Remote Financial Services Act (Fern-Finanzdienstleistungsgesetz, “FernFinG”), (see point 1) and the General Terms and Conditions of Payments including its annexes as amended ("GTC"; see point 2.). 1.2.3 When ordering a payment service, the Client receives the Framework Agreement electronically (e.g. email) prior to conclusion and by clicking on the respective boxes, the Client agrees to the conclusion of the Framework Agreement. The entire business relationship between the Client and Payments is based on this Framework Agreement. The information and contractual conditions regarding the use of the payment service are contained in the GTC, in particular in point 2.3 (Services of Payments), point 2.4 (Required information), point 2.5 (Issuing and authorization of the payment order by the Client), point 2.6 (Receipt of the payment order by Payments), point 2.7 (Revocation of the payment order) and point 2.11 (Maximum execution period).1.3 Information and contractual terms regarding fees, interest, exchange rates and costs 1.3.1 The information and contractual conditions regarding fees, interest and exchange rates are contained in the GTC (see Section 2.), in particular in point 2.12 (Charges, cost reimbursements and interest) together with Annexes ./1, ./2 and ./3 and in point 2.13 (Exchange rates). 1.3.2 All agreed charges, cost reimbursements and interest (e.g. interest on arrears) shall be paid by the Client in accordance with Section 2.12.2 of the GTC. Processing fees shall be invoiced upon execution of the payment transaction. In all other cases, invoicing shall normally take place on a monthly basis. 1.3.3 You have to bear the costs for the use of means of distance communication by yourself.1.4 Information and contractual terms regarding communication 1.4.1 The Framework Agreement shall be concluded in the English language. For the duration of the contractual relationship, communication shall generally be in English. 1.4.2 The Client may at any time during the term of the Framework Agreement request the submission of this information and contractual terms in paper or electronic form. If the information and contractual terms are requested and made available more frequently, the actual costs incurred (e.g. postage charges) may be passed on. 1.4.3 The information and contractual terms regarding communication are otherwise contained in the GTC (see point 2.), in particular in point 2.14 (Communication).1.5 Information and contractual terms regarding protective and remedial measures 1.5.1 You undertake to hold any and all details of your password, registration code, TANs, fingerprints or PIN strictly confidential at any time. You must inform Payments immediately of the loss, theft or unauthorised use of the passwords, registration code, TANs fingerprints or PIN as soon as the Client becomes aware of this by sending an email to support@bitpandapayments.com. 1.5.2 The information and contractual terms regarding protective and remedial measures are otherwise contained in the GTC (see point 2.), in particular in point 2.10 (Refusal of execution). 1.6 Information and contractual terms regarding amendments and termination of the Framework Agreement The information and contractual terms regarding amendments and termination of the Framework Agreement are contained in the GTC (see point 2.), in particular in point 2.2 (Amendment of the GTC) and in point 2.21 (Duration of contract, termination). 1.7 Information regarding the distance contract Pursuant to Sec 8 FernFinG, the Client has the right to withdraw from the concluded Framework Agreement within 14 days. The withdrawal period begins with the day of the conclusion of the Framework Agreement, whereby the day on which the Client is enabled to use the services of Payments shall be deemed the day of the conclusion of the Framework Agreement. The withdrawal from the Framework Agreement has to be expressly declared to Payments, Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna. Within the withdrawal period, performance of the contract may only begin with the express consent of the Client. 1.8 Information and contractual terms regarding remedies You are entitled to file a complaint with the Financial Market Authority pursuant to Sec 13 AVG and to assert your rights before the ordinary courts. The Austrian banking industry has established a "Joint Conciliation Body of the Austrian Banking Industry" (Gemeinsame Schlichtungsstelle der Österreichischen Kreditwirtschaft), Wiedner Hauptstrasse 63, 1045 Vienna (www.bankenschlichtung.at) to resolve certain complaints. Also, Clients of Payments can contact this out-of-court FIN-NET conciliation body in writing or electronically (office@bankenschlichtung.at). In addition, the ombudsman service of the Professional Association of Financial Service Providers (Fachverband Finanzdienstleister) in the Austrian Federal Economic Chamber (Wirtschaftskammer Österreich) can be contacted at fdl.ombudsstelle@wko.at. 1.9 Contractual terms regarding applicable law and jurisdiction The information and contractual terms regarding applicable law and jurisdiction are contained in the GTC (see point 2.), in particular in point 2.25.1 (Applicable law) and in point 2.25.2 (jurisdiction). 1.10 Statutory information requirements The statutory information obligations are fulfilled within this Framework Agreement and Payments has no further information obligation beyond these. Payments shall therefore not be obliged – insofar as there is no statutory or contractual obligation - to provide the customer with other advice or information regarding its services. The information obligations provided for in sections 32 to 54 ZaDiG 2018 do not apply to entrepreneurs.2. General Terms and Conditions of Bitpanda Payments GmbH 2.1 General Provisions 2.1.1 These GTC (as defined in point 1.2.2) apply to the entire business relationship between the Client (as defined in point 1.2.1) and Payments (as defined in point 1.1.1). 2.1.2 Payments offers services exclusively to and enters into contracts only with verified clients of Bitpanda GmbH. In the relationship between the Client and Bitpanda GmbH, the agreed General Terms and Conditions of Bitpanda GmbH ("Bitpanda GTC") continue to apply (retrievable via https://www.bitpanda.com/en/legal#terms). For details regarding the verification please refer to the Bitpanda GTC. 2.1.3 Payments offers services only to and enters into contracts only with persons of legal age. 2.1.4 Payments only allows Clients to use its services on their own account. It is also forbidden to act as an intermediary of any kind or broker of any kind or trustee of any kind for any person or to allow access of any kind to the account to any other person than yourself. 2.1.5 By ordering a payment service and by clicking on the respective boxes, the Client agrees to these GTC. 2.1.6 For an overview of the definitions used in the Framework Agreement please refer to Annex ./4.2.2 Amendment of the GTC 2.2.1Payments shall offer you amendments to these GTC at least two months prior to the proposed date of entry into force. A comparison shall be attached to the amendment offer in which the provisions concerned, and the proposed amendments are set out. The amendment offer will be communicated to you. Your consent shall be deemed to have been given if Payments has not received a written or electronic objection from you prior to the proposed effective date to the email address: support@bitpandapayments.com. 2.2.2 Payments shall inform you in the amendment offer that failure to object in writing or electronically to the email address: support@bitpandapayments.com, shall be deemed acceptance of the amendments and that a Client, who is a consumer, shall have the right to terminate the Framework Agreement without notice and free of charge until the amendments take effect. Payments will also publish the comparison of the amendments and the complete version of the new GTC on its website https://www.bitpanda.com/en/legal#terms and will send the Client the complete version of the new GTC upon request. This must also be referred to in the amendment offer.2.3 Services of Payments (essential features of the payment services) 2.3.1 On the electronic platform or mobile application operated by Bitpanda GmbH and associated APIs of such platform or application ("Bitpanda Systems"), electronic wallets ("Wallets") are assigned to the Client. In these Wallets, the deposit amounts which the Client can dispose of are shown. 2.3.2 You may instruct Payments to transfer your respective balance on a Wallet to the Wallet of another Client of Payments ("Payments Payee") and to adjust the balances on your Wallet and the Wallet of the Payments Payee accordingly ("Internal Transfer"). Conversely, the Client may receive such transfers from other Clients of Payments. 2.3.3 The Client may also instruct Payments to transfer its respective balance to your Wallet, cashlessly in favour of a payee, directly to a payment account held in the payee's name ("External Transfer"). Conversely, the Client may receive Transfers from a payer directly from a payment account held in the payee's name in such a way that Payments transfers the amount in favour of the Client to the originally used Wallet (e.g. when recovering an amount of money). 2.3.4 The Client may also instruct Payments to initiate a transfer from a payment account held in the Client's own name in favour of a payee to a payment account held in the payee's name (e.g. also to the payment account of Bitpanda GmbH) ("Payment Initiation"). 2.3.5 The Client can only instruct Payments via the Bitpanda Systems to initiate services in the meaning of 2.3.2, 2.3.3 and 2.3.4. 2.4 Required information The Client must provide the following information for the execution of Internal Transfers, External Transfers and Payment Initiations: Internal Transfers
name of the Client name of the Payments Payee specification of the Wallet of the Payments Payee currency amount payment reference
External Transfers
Recipient account with a payment service provider within Austria or other countries within the European Economic Area (EEA) Recipient account with a payment service provider outside the EEA name of the Client name of the payee IBAN of the payee currency amount payment reference name of the Client name of the payee account number of the payee and either name, bank sorting code or BIC of the payment service provider of the payee; or IBAN of the payee and BIC of the payment service provider of the payee currency amount Payment reference
Payment Initiations
name of the Client Client identification (IBAN; IBAN and BIC or account number and BIC) identification of payee (IBAN; IBAN and BIC or account number and BIC) currency amount payment reference
2.5 Issuing and authorisation of the payment order by the Client You enter the information required for a payment order (see point 2.4. above) into an online interface on the Bitpanda Systems. You give your consent to the execution of the payment order by entering the strong customer authentication (e.g. password and one-time password via SMS).2.6 Receipt of the payment order by Payments 2.6.1 A payment order shall be deemed to have been received as soon as it is received by the server of Payments ("Order Receipt"). 2.6.2 Payments shall conduct the business required for the execution of payment orders on all days of the year except statutory holidays in Austria, Saturdays, Sundays and 24.12. ("Business Days"). A payment order shall be deemed to have been received on the Business Day on which the order is received ("Order Receipt Day"). If the order is not received on a Business Day or on a Business Day after 14:30 Central European Time (CET), the next Business Day shall be deemed to be the Order Receipt Day. 2.6.3 If the Client and Payments have agreed that the execution of the payment order shall commence on a particular day or at the end of a particular period or on the day on which the Client has made the funds available to Payments, the agreed date shall be the Order Receipt Day. If the agreed date does not fall on a Business Day of Payments, point 2.6.2 shall apply analogously.2.7 Revocation of the payment order 2.7.1 You may revoke your payment order until the Order Receipt. After the Order Receipt, a revocation is no longer possible, subject to the provisions of point 2.7.2 and point 2.7.3. 2.7.2 If the Client and Payments have agreed that the execution of the Payment Order shall commence on a particular day or at the end of a particular period, the Client may revoke the execution of the Payment Order by the end of the Business Day preceding the agreed date. 2.7.3 After the dates referred to in point 2.7.1 and point 2.7.2, the payment order may only be revoked if agreed between the Client and Payments. Such an agreement is subject to the condition precedent that Payments succeeds in preventing execution or recovering the transfer amount. In addition, the Client must pay the Charges according to Annexes 1 to 3 for such a service.2.8 Execution of the payment order 2.8.1 Payments shall execute the Client's payment order provided that this payment order has been issued and authorised in accordance with point 2.5 and has been received by Payments in accordance with point 2.6. The execution of Internal Transfers and of External Transfers is subject to the further condition that there is a sufficient amount in the respective Wallet in favour of the Client to execute the transfer. 2.8.2 If the conditions for execution (see point 2.8.1) are not met, Payments shall inform the Client without delay of the non-execution of the payment order. 2.9 Information to the Client You may request Payments to provide or make available to you, free of charge and once a month, information pursuant to Sec 53 para 1 ZaDiG 2018 on the individual payment transactions initiated by you (reference, amount, currency, charges, interest, exchange rate, debit value date) so that you can retain or reproduce the information unchanged.2.10 Refusal of execution 2.10.1 Payments shall in particular be entitled to refuse to execute the payment order if a client identification provided by you for Payments is not clearly attributable to any Payments Payee or payee, any payment service provider of the payee, or any payment account or Wallet; there is a suspicion of misuse or fraudulent use of a strong client authentication, of a registration code or of TANs belonging to you; you do not follow the instructions of the Payments support team after a loss of a strong client authentication (see section 2.15.4); or you are - according to the Bitpanda GTC - not entitled to access your Bitpanda Client account and to use the services of Bitpanda GmbH.
2.10.2 If a password is reset, Payments will not execute any payment transactions for a period of 48 hours for security reasons. You confirm that you are aware of this security measure and accept it. 2.10.3 If Payments refuses to execute a payment order, Payments will inform you as soon as possible, but in any event within the time limits specified in Section 2.11, of the refusal and how the payment order can be corrected to enable future execution. Payments will only disclose the reason for the rejection if this does not contravene Austrian or Community law or a judicial or administrative order. Payment orders that Payments justifiably rejects shall not trigger the execution periods agreed in Section 2.11. In addition, you must pay the Charges according to Annexes 1 to 3 for such a refusal of execution. 2.11 Maximum execution period Payments shall ensure that the transfer amount is made available to the payee (Internal Transfers) or transferred to the account of the payee's payment service provider (External Transfers, Payment Initiations) at the latest on the business day following the Order Receipt Day within the meaning of Section 2.6.2.12 Charges, cost reimbursements and interest 2.12.1 In connection with the execution of payment orders, any charges, cost reimbursements and interest ("Charges") set out in Annexes ./1 (Charges, cost reimbursements and interest for Internal Transfers), ./2 (Charges, cost reimbursements and interest for External Transfers) and ./3 (Charges, cost reimbursements and interest for Payment Initiations) shall be payable by the Client. 2.12.2 Processing fees shall be invoiced upon execution of the payment transaction. In all other cases, invoicing shall normally take place on a monthly basis. The Client must pay the agreed processing fees immediately after invoicing. Otherwise, the Client shall pay the agreed fees within 14 days of invoicing by Payments. 2.12.3 Payments shall offer the Client changes to the agreed Charges (excluding interest) and the introduction of Charges at least two months before the proposed date of entry into force. The Client shall be notified of the change offer. Client's consent shall be deemed to have been given if Payments has not received any written or electronic objection from the Client prior to the proposed effective date sent to: support@bitpandapayments.com. Payments shall inform the Client of the changes offered in the change offer and shall draw the Client's attention to the fact that failure to object in writing or electronically to the email address: support@bitpandapayments.com, shall be deemed acceptance of the changes. The Client shall have the right to terminate the Framework Agreement free of charge and without notice until the changes come into effect; this shall also be pointed out in the change offer. 2.12.4 Payments shall offer, by the means provided for in Section 2.12.3, changes to the Charges agreed with the Client in accordance with the development of the national consumer price index 2015 ("CPI") published by Statistik Austria or the index replacing it (increase or reduction). Thereby, amounts shall be rounded commercially (kaufmännisch gerundet) to whole cents. This adjustment shall take place once a year with effect from 1 July of each year. The adjustment shall correspond to the change in the average of the index figures for the penultimate calendar year before the change offer compared with the average of the index figures for the last calendar year before the change offer. If Payments refrains from a fee increase in any year, this shall not affect Payments' right to future increases of Charges. If there is no increase of Charges in one or more successive years, such increase can be made up with effect from the next increase of Charges, in which case the adjustment shall be made to the extent corresponding to the change in the CPI index number published for the average of the year prior to the fee increase to the CPI index number which was the basis for the last fee increase carried out. 2.12.5 Payments may agree to an adjustment of Charges that goes beyond the development of the CPI pursuant to point 2.12.4 in the way provided for in point 2.12.3 if this adjustment is objectively justified. An adjustment of Charges is justified in particular if changes in the legal or regulatory framework or technical developments for the provision of payment services (such as increased security requirements or new procedures) lead to increased costs for the provision of the agreed payment services. Payments may adjust Charges in accordance with this point 2.12.5 no more than once per calendar year. In the event of an increase of Charges, the sum of the increases pursuant to point 2.12.4 and point 2.12.5 shall be limited to 10% per calendar year. In the event of an adjustment in accordance with this point 2.12.5, Payments shall also inform the Client in the change offer pursuant to point 2.12.3 that this is an adjustment in excess of a CPI adjustment. 2.13 Exchange rates A payment order for an Internal Transfer or for an External Transfer in a currency other than the account currency shall be effected by Payments on the basis of the reference exchange rates published by the Austrian National Bank on the website www.oenb.at at the time the order is executed. The basis for calculating this reference exchange rate is published on the website of the European Central Bank www.ecb.europa.eu.2.14 Communication 2.14.1 Electronic communication by email and/or (remote) written communication in paper form and/or telephone communication shall be agreed on as means of communication, unless otherwise stipulated in the GTC or in a separate agreement. You must ensure on the recipient's side that the electronic delivery can be delivered to the email address provided by you. You must adapt technical equipment such as filter programmes or firewalls accordingly. 2.14.2 To ensure the security of your account under all circumstances, Payments will notify you via email and/or telephone of any potential fraud or security risk in connection with your account that Payments may become aware of. The chosen form of communication depends on the specific circumstances of each individual case and the associated risks.2.15 Duties of care of the Client and reimbursement 2.15.1 You have to promptly notify Payments of any change to your name, of your company name, to your address (or of another address specified by you), to your email address, and to your telephone and mobile telephone number. 2.15.2 You must immediately notify Payments in writing of the termination of, or amendments to any power of representation notified to Payments and shall provide suitable documentary evidence of such termination or amendment. 2.15.3 Payments must be notified immediately in writing of any loss or restriction of the Client's legal capacity. If the Client is a company or a legal entity, Payments shall also be notified immediately of the dissolution of such company or legal entity. 2.15.4 The Client shall maintain the strictest secrecy with respect to its strong Client authentication, registration code, passwords and TANs and shall ensure that they are not spied on by third parties. In the event of loss of a strong Client authentication, the Client shall immediately notify Payments of such loss and follow the instructions of the Payments support team. The Client understands and accepts that such instructions may be subject to delay depending on the Payments support team's workload. 2.15.5 You must ensure that the information in your payment order is correct. 2.15.6 The Client shall notify Payments immediately upon discovery of any unauthorised or incorrectly executed payment order (notification obligation/Rügeobliegenheit) via email to the email address support@bitpandapayments.com or directly via the support for the Bitpanda Systems (support.bitpanda.com). The period for the Client to obtain a rectification from the payment service provider expires no later than 13 months after the date of the transaction. 2.15.7 In case of an unauthorised payment transaction, if Payments is the payer's payment service provider and fulfilment of Client’s notification obligation (Rügeobliegenheit) in accordance with point 2.15.6, Payments shall reimburse the payer for the amount of the unauthorised executed payment order. Payments shall not reimburse the amount if there is a legitimate ground for suspecting fraud. 2.16 Reimbursement for payment initiation services Payments shall reimburse the payer for the amount of an authorised payment transaction initiated by or through a payee and already executed if, (i) at the time of authorisation, the exact amount was not specified and (ii) the amount of the payment transaction exceeds the amount which the payer could reasonably have expected according to its previous spending behaviour, the terms of the framework agreement and the circumstances of the individual case. If the aforementioned conditions are met, payer shall notify Payments within 8 weeks about its claim for reimbursement setting out the facts of the case, via email to the email address support@bitpandapayments.com or directly via the support for the Bitpanda Systems (support.bitpanda.com). Payments shall either refund the amount of the payment transaction or inform the payer of the reasons for refusing the refund within 10 Business Days of receipt of such a request for reimbursement.2.17 Liability of Payments 2.17.1 Payments shall be liable to the Client for the proper execution of the payment transaction in accordance with Sec 80 ZaDiG 2018. Under this provision, the payer's payment service provider is liable to the payer for the proper execution of the payment transaction, unless the payer's payment service provider can prove to the payer and, where applicable, to the payee's payment service provider that the amount of the payment transaction has been received by the payee's payment service provider pursuant to Sec 77 para 1 ZaDiG 2018. In this case, the payee's payment service provider is, pursuant to Sec 80 ZaDiG 2018, liable to the payee for the proper execution of the payment transaction. 2.17.2 In cases of damages caused by Payment’s slight negligence, Payment’s liability towards consumers shall be limited to the typical foreseeable damage resulting from the breach of main contractual obligations. Payments shall not be liable to entrepreneurs for slight negligence. In the event of damage caused by Payments as a result of gross negligence, willful intent or personal injury, there shall be no limitation of liability. 2.17.3 Payments will use reasonable endeavours to provide the offered payment services to you. However, Payments is not obligated to provide all services at any time and Payments has the right to suspend certain services. In the event of such a suspension, you have no claim against Payments. 2.18 Set-off If you are a consumer, you are only entitled to set off your liabilities if Payments is insolvent, if your claim is legally connected with your liabilities or if your claim has been confirmed by the courts or accepted by Payments. If you are an entrepreneur, you hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waive your right to set off your liabilities. 2.19 Application of the ZaDiG 2018 to entrepreneurs The application of the third main part (drittes Hauptstück) of the ZaDiG 2018 as well as of Sec 56 para 1, Sec 58 para 3 and Sec 66, 68, 70, 71, 74 and 80 ZaDiG 2018 is excluded for a Client who is an entrepreneur.2.20 Data protection 2.20.1 Payments is responsible for data protection within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") with regard to all personal data processed within the scope of the order. Payments will process personal data entrusted to Payments within the scope of the commissioned activity, store them in electronically managed files and have them processed or stored by third parties with whom a corresponding order processing agreement within the meaning of Art. 28 GDPR has been concluded, if and to the extent that this is necessary in particular for the performance of the contract or justified by another of the reasons listed in Art. 6 para. 1 GDPR. 2.20.2 Payments commits to itself and its employees to maintain data secrecy in accordance with the applicable provisions of the GDPR and the Data Protection Act as amended (currently DSG 2018) and will also oblige any third parties involved to do so. 2.20.3 Payments uses appropriate technical and organisational measures, always updated to the state of the art, to ensure that data processing is carried out in accordance with the requirements of the GDPR, in order to safeguard the processed data, taking into account the type, scope, circumstances and purposes of the processing, as well as the different probabilities of occurrence and severity of the risks to the rights and freedoms of the data subjects. 2.20.4 For further details on data protection and, in particular, on the information obligations pursuant to Art. 13 and 14 GDPR we refer to the Privacy Policy of Payments on our website. 2.21 Duration of contract, termination The Framework Agreement is concluded for an indefinite period and can be terminated by the Client at any time by observing a notice period of one month. Payments is entitled to terminate the Framework Agreement by giving two months' notice. This shall not affect the right of the contracting parties to terminate the Framework Agreement immediately for good cause. 2.22 Severability If one or more of the provisions of the Framework Agreement or one or more of the schedules hereto are or will become invalid or unenforceable, or if one or more of the provisions of the Framework Agreement or one or more of the schedules hereto are or will become incomplete, the other provisions of the Framework Agreement and the schedules hereto will remain valid without limitation, save that the main obligations of the parties hereunder remain unaffected. Such provision – having been found illegal or unenforceable in whole or in part- shall be ineffective solely to the extent of such determination of invalidity or unenforceability only with respect to the jurisdiction in which it has been found illegal or unenforceable, without having any effect on any other jurisdiction. Each invalid or unenforceable provision shall be replaced or completed by a valid and enforceable provision in such a way that the new provision closely reflects the legal and economic effects the parties have concurrently aimed at in the invalid or unenforceable provision. 2.23 Contractual language You and Payments agree on English as the language with respect to communication. Subject to the German terms in brackets referring to Austrian legal terms (which shall be interpreted only with respect to their meaning under Austrian law and with respect to the German language term in brackets), any other language used shall be only used for purposes of convenience. Respectively, every communication or notice shall be made in English language. The English language version of the Framework Agreement is the prevailing version. 2.24 Entire agreement and other terms The Framework Agreement exclusively governs the relationship between you and Payments and supersedes any prior statements or agreements. Any terms and conditions (GTC) of the Client are excluded from being applicable to the relationship between the Client and Payments. For the relationship between Bitpanda GmbH and a Client, the Bitpanda GTC continue to apply.2.25 Applicable law and jurisdiction 2.25.1 The place of performance shall be Vienna. The (pre-)contractual legal relationship and any transaction hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Austria to the exclusion of the provisions of the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods and without giving effect to any statutory conflict of law provisions or rules that would cause the application of the law of any jurisdiction other than Austria. 2.25.2 Any and all disputes or divergences or claims shall be exclusively dealt with the court having pertinent competence for 1010 Vienna. 2.26 Annexes Annex ./1 Charges, cost reimbursements and interest for Internal Transfers Annex ./2 Charges, cost reimbursements and interest for External Transfers Annex ./3 Charges, cost reimbursements and interest for Payment Initiations Annex ./4 Definitions Annex ./1to the GTC of Payments Charges, cost reimbursements and interest for Internal Transfers Processing fee for each payment order (percentage of the transferred amount) Payments reserves the right in its sole discretion not to charge a fee for Internal Transfers on a case-by-case basis or for a specified period of time. Clients may not derive any future right from such a decision. 0.95 %
Duplicate of monthly invoice EUR 3.00 Reimbursement of costs for sending the monthly invoice by mail EUR 0.90 Fees pursuant to Sec 56 ZaDiG 2018
Notification of refusal of a payment order EUR 10.00 Revocation of a payment order after the date of irrevocability EUR 20.00 Recovery of an amount of money in case of an incorrect execution of the payment transaction due to a Client identification incorrectly specified by the payment service user EUR 50.00 Dunning process
Payment reminder up to EUR 100.00 free of charge Payment reminder beginning from EUR 100.00 EUR 5.00 Payment reminder beginning from EUR 1,000.00 EUR 10.00 First dunning notice EUR 20.00 Second dunning notice EUR 30.00 Annex ./2to the GTC of Payments Charges, cost reimbursements and interest for External Transfers Processing fee for each payment order (percentage of the transferred amount) Payments reserves the right in its sole discretion not to charge a fee for External Transfers on a case-by-case basis or for a specified period of time. Clients may not derive any future right from such a decision. 0.95 %
Duplicate of monthly invoice EUR 3.00 Reimbursement of costs for sending the monthly invoice by mail EUR 0.90 Fees pursuant to Sec 56 ZaDiG 2018
Notification of refusal of a payment order EUR 10.00 Revocation of a payment order after the date of irrevocability EUR 20.00 Recovery of an amount of money in case of an incorrect execution of the payment transaction due to a Client identification incorrectly specified by the payment service user EUR 50.00 Dunning process
Payment reminder up to EUR 100.00 free of charge Payment reminder beginning from EUR 100.00 EUR 5.00 Payment reminder beginning from EUR 1,000.00 EUR 10.00 First dunning notice EUR 20.00 Second dunning notice EUR 30.00 Annex ./3to the GTC of Payments Charges, cost reimbursements and interest for Payment Initiations Processing fee for each payment order (percentage of the transferred amount) Payments reserves the right at its sole discretion not to charge a fee for External Transfers on a case-by-case basis or for a specified period of time. Clients may not derive any future right from such a decision. 0.95 %
Duplicate of monthly invoice EUR 3.00 Reimbursement of costs for sending the monthly invoice by mail EUR 0.90 Fees pursuant to Sec 56 ZaDiG 2018
Notification of refusal of a payment order EUR 10.00 Revocation of a payment order after the date of irrevocability EUR 20.00 Recovery of an amount of money in case of an incorrect execution of the payment transaction due to a Client identifier incorrectly specified by the payment service user EUR 50.00 Dunning process
Payment reminder up to EUR 100.00 free of charge Payment reminder beginning from EUR 100.00 EUR 5.00 Payment reminder beginning from EUR 1,000.00 EUR 10.00 First dunning notice EUR 20.00 Second dunning notice EUR 30.00 Annex ./4to the GTC of Payments Definitions In the Framework Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified or referred to in the following overview and shall be equally applicable to both singular and plural forms. Bitpanda GTC has the meaning given to it in point 2.1.2.
Bitpanda Systems has the meaning given to it in point 2.3.1. Business Day is a working day on which Austrian credit institutions are open to the public. Charges has the meaning given to it in point 2.12.1. Client or you has the meaning given to it in point 1.2.1. CPI has the meaning given to it in point 2.12.4. External Transfer has the meaning given to it in point 2.3.3. FernFinG Is the Austrian Remote Financial Services Act (Fern-Finanzdienstleistungsgesetz) Framework Agreement has the meaning given to it in point 1.2.2. GDPR European General Data Protection Regulation. GTC has the meaning given to it in point 1.2.2. Internal Transfer has the meaning given to it in point 2.3.2. Order Receipt has the meaning given to it in point 2.6.1. Order Receipt Day has the meaning given to it in point 2.6.2. Payment Initiation has the meaning given to it in point 2.3.4. Payments has the meaning given to it in point 1.2.1. Payments Payee has the meaning given to it in point 2.3.2. Wallet has the meaning given to it in point 2.3.1. ZaDiG 2018 Is the Austrian Payment Service Provider Act 2018 (Zahlungsdienstegesetz 2018)
Bitpanda Payments Privacy Policy The current version of this Privacy Policy is: October 2019 1. About this Privacy Policy Bitpanda Payments really appreciates the trust you place in us when using our services. For this reason, privacy and data security have an enormously high priority for us. It is very important to us that you feel safe during the usage of our services as well as over the course of all other business transactions with us. As soon as you make use of services of Bitpanda Payments, you entrust us with the processing of your personal data. Our approach hereby, is to give you the best possible experience with the usage of our services with the highest data security standards now and in the future. Therefore, in this Privacy Policy, we want to transparently inform you which personal data we collect from you, how we process it and to whom we might forward it in detail. Furthermore, we would like to inform you which precautions we take to protect your personal data, which rights you have in this context and to whom you can turn for data protection concerns. Regarding the terms used in this Privacy Policy, such as “Processing” or “Controller”, we refer to the definitions of the GDPR. This Privacy Policy is drafted in English and German. In case of conflict, the English version shall be the binding version. 2. About Bitpanda Payments Bitpanda Payments GmbH (hereinafter referred to as "Bitpanda Payments" or "we") with its business address at Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria, registered in the commercial register of the Commercial Court of Vienna under FN 501412x, offers via www.bitpanda.com  (including also the Bitpanda App, together hereinafter referred to as "website" or “platform”) different payment services. Bitpanda Payments is a subsidiary of Bitpanda GmbH and therefore part of the Bitpanda Group (the group contains Bitpanda GmbH and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, for the definition please see the Privacy Policy of the Bitpanda Group). 3. Applicability: To whom does this Privacy Policy apply? This Privacy Policy applies to all persons who use services offered by Bitpanda Payments or interact otherwise with Bitpanda Payments (e.g. business partners, interested parties, service providers, etc.); generally, such persons hereinafter called "Client” or “you”. Additional Services: For data processing in connection with the general usage of the platform www.bitpanda.com  and all other services offered there, we refer to the privacy policy of the Bitpanda Group. Cookies: For data processing in connection with cookies and similar technologies please also check our cookie policy. 4. Payment Services: Which payment services offers Bitpanda Payments? Bitpanda Payments offers the following services (hereinafter referred to as "payment services"): Payment Transfer Services: services for the execution of payment transactions, including the transfer of funds to a payment account with Bitpanda Payments or with another payment service provider (e.g. direct debit transactions, payment card transactions, credit transfer transactions). Money Remittance Services: services where funds are received from a payer, without any payment accounts being created (in the name of the payer or the payee), for the sole purpose of transferring a corresponding amount to a payee or to another payment service provider acting on behalf of the payee, or where such funds are received on behalf of and made available to the payee. Payment Initiation Services: a service to initiate a payment order at the request of the payment service user with respect to a payment account held at another payment service provider.
5. Children: Are children allowed to use Bitpanda Payment’s services? No, the payment services of Bitpanda Payments are not directed to people under the age of 18 years. Only persons of legal age are permitted to use the services of Bitpanda Payments. Therefore, we are not knowingly collecting personal data from children. So, if you are under the age of 18 years, please do not use the services of Bitpanda Payments and do not provide any personal data to us. 6. Controller: Who is responsible for the data processing and who can you contact? Bitpanda Payments is controller and/or joint controller in the meaning of Art 4 para 7 GDPR and therefore responsible for the processing of your personal data in connection with payment services offered via the platform. We are aware that both, the protection as well as the careful handling of your personal data are very important. Bitpanda Payments will solely use the personal data provided by you in compliance with the applicable data protection requirements, this Privacy Policy and your consent. Additionally, a group-wide uniform data protection strategy in the Bitpanda Group exists. Thus, Bitpanda GmbH, as parent company, acts as a central point of contact and service provider for all data protection issues concerning all services offered via the platform or the Mobile App. If you have any questions in connection with the processing of your personal data and the exercise of your rights under GDPR, you can contact our privacy team: privacy@bitpanda.com
Please note that for certain requests, we require further identification data from you (e.g. Passport, ID card, etc.), in order to ensure that your personal data is only shared with you.
7. Payment Initiation Services: How is my personal data processed if I use payment initiation services? When you use our payment initiation services, we will only process your personal data with your consent or due to a contractual obligation towards you and we will not request any data from you other than those necessary to provide this service. Furthermore, we won’t use, access or store any data for purposes other than for the performance of the payment initiation service as explicitly requested by you. All personal data which is necessary to provide the payment service (especially your security credentials) is not accessible by any other party other than Bitpanda Payments and only transmitted by us through safe and efficient channels. After the performance of the service Bitpanda Payments will not store your sensitive payment data. 8. Data categories and sources: Which personal data do we process and from which sources does the data originate? We process the personal data that we receive from you within the scope of the business relationship and usage of payment services. Furthermore, we might process data we receive within the Bitpanda Group and data we have received from credit agencies, debtor directories, business analysis providers (e.g. CRIF GmbH, KSV 1870 Holding AG, Dow Jones News GmbH, Factiva Limited, Sift Science Inc.) and from publicly accessible sources (e.g. commercial register, register of associations, land register, media, sanctions lists). When using our payment services or interacting with Bitpanda Payments, the following personal data might be processed: Contact data: when using payments services or communicating with Bitpanda Payments we might process for example: name, address, telephone number, email, date of birth, photo of your Bitpanda account. Verification data: to use our payment services your account has to be verified, therefore we might process for example: screenshots of national identity documents like passport, driving license or ID card and the identification data from these documents, also utility bill details for residence verification and video data from the video authentication process. Financial data: for the performance of payment services we might process for example: bank details (IBAN, BIC), other payment service provider information, security credentials, payment details, transaction-ID and other sensitive payment data. Log data: during activities when using a payment service, we might process for example: IP-address, transaction data, deposit and withdrawal address, computer or mobile device information, frequency, time, operating system, browser type, device type, unique device identification number, optionally form data, crash reports, performance data. Company details: if you have a business account and you use payment services we might process for example: commercial register report, data of or concerning beneficial owners, records or additional information on recent, past or planned business activities, other data necessary to determine/validate the structure, the beneficial ownership or any power of attorney of the company. Details to and proof of funds: if the proof of funds is necessary, we might process for example: banking statements or any other details provided by banks or financial institutions, contracts of sales or contracts in general, or any other suitable data to prove or determine the origin of funds. Support requests: if you contact our support, we might process for example: data provided in your request to the support team.
9. Purpose and legal basis for using personal data: For which purposes and on what legal basis do we process your personal data? All processing is performed in accordance with the GDPR, the Austrian Data Protection Act (DSG) and the Austrian Payment Service Provider Act (ZaDiG 2018). Generally, we process your personal data based on at least one of the legal bases listed below. Regarding the performance of payment services, we will process your personal data only with your explicit consent or if we are contractually obliged to do so towards you. If we ask you to provide any personal data not described in point 8, then such data and the purpose and legal basis for the collection and processing, will be communicated to the Client at the point of collecting the personal data. 9.1 For the performance of contractual obligations (Art 6 para 1 lit b GDPR): Processing of personal data might be necessary for the performance of the contract with you or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. The following data processing operations, for example, are covered by such contractual obligations: performance of our payment services, all tasks necessary for the operation and administration of Bitpanda Payments; account management (e.g continuous updating of Client data); execution of your payment requests (e.g. payment processing, chargebacks, proof of purchase and selling); client service and support requests (e.g. contacting because of complications, Zendesk); video authentication process if you register for an account on our website (validation of identity) analysis and improvement of the quality and the general user experience of our services (e.g. performance tracking on the platform).
9.2 For compliance with legal obligations (Art 6 para 1 lit c GDPR): Processing of your personal data might also be necessary for complying with various legal obligations (e.g. FM-GWG, ZaDiG 2018, BAO, UStG etc.). The following data processing operations, for example, are covered by such legal obligations: contract management, accounting and invoicing; compliance and risk management; Know-Your-Customer measures; monitoring for prevention of fraud, misuse (e.g. for illegal purposes), money laundering and terrorist financing; providing information to fiscal criminal authorities in the context of fiscal criminal proceedings or to prosecution in accordance with official orders; consultation of credit agencies to determine creditworthiness and default risks.
9.3 To protect legitimate interests (Art 6 para 1 lit f GDPR): Where necessary, data processing might take place beyond the performance of the contract in order to maintain the legitimate interests of Bitpanda Payments or a third party. The following data processing operations are covered by such a legitimate interest: prevention of fraud, misuse (e.g. for illegal purposes), money laundering and terrorist financing; risk management and risk minimisation e.g. through enquiries to credit agencies, debtor directories, or providers of business analysis); identification and examination of potentially defective or suspicious business cases and accesses to our websites (e.g. analysis via Sift Science); data transmission within the Bitpanda Group for internal administrative purposes (no sensitive payment data will be transmitted!); account management and handling general client requests and inquiries; measures for protecting our clients, partners and employees, as well as safeguarding network and information security, also including measures from external data centers and service providers; processing inquiries from authorities, lawyers, collection agencies in the course of legal prosecution and enforcement of legal claims in the context of legal proceedings; market research, business management and continuing development of services and products; direct marketing and advertising (e.g. performance of marketing strategies, targeting of Clients, dispatch of vouchers, advertisement from Bitpanda Payments).
9.4 Based on your consent (Art 6 para 1 lit a GDPR): If you have given us your consent to process your personal data, processing will only take place in accordance with the purposes defined and to the extent agreed in the declaration of consent. Consent given may be withdrawn at any time without giving reasons and with future effect, if you no longer agree to the processing. For example, with your consent we are processing data for the following purposes: Payment services (e.g. transfers from your Bitpanda Account to another Bitpanda Account or a third party, initiating payment initiation services at a third party, etc.)
Please note that the withdrawal of the consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. 10. Recipients of personal data: Who receives your personal data? The protection and confidentiality of your personal data is important to Bitpanda Payments. Therefore, we transfer your personal data only to the extent described below or within the scope of an instruction at the time the data is collected from you. In addition, personal data that we collect concerning you will neither be sold by us nor otherwise disclosed to third parties. 10.1 Data transfer within the Bitpanda Group: As part of the Bitpanda Group we might transmit data to a limited extent within the Bitpanda Group. This happens for internal administrative purposes to conduct internal administrative activities efficiently in a shared way or if a company of Bitpanda Group acts as service provider (processor) for Bitpanda Payments. In all these cases only those offices or employees will receive your personal data who need it to fulfil the contractual and legal obligations and legitimate interests. However, no sensitive payment data will be transmitted within the Bitpanda Group. If a company acts as a service provider for Bitpanda Payments, we contractually oblige this company to ensure the confidentiality and security of your personal data that they process on our behalf. 10.2 Data transfer to processors: To a limited extent, we also transmit personal information to processors who perform services for us such as video authentication services (e.g. IDnow GmbH, youniqx Identity AG), IT services (Amazon Web Services Inc.), Client support (Zendesk Inc.), performance of contracts, account management, accounting, invoicing, and examination of defective or suspicious business cases (Sift Science Inc). Processors may only use or disclose this data to the extent necessary to perform services for us or to comply with legal rules. We contractually oblige these processors to ensure the confidentiality and security of your personal data that they process on our behalf. 10.3 Data transfer to public bodies and institutions: We might also transfer your personal data (i) if we are required to do so by law or in the context of legal proceedings, (ii) if we believe that disclosure is necessary to prevent damages or financial loss, or (iii) in connection with an investigation into suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activities. 10.4 Data transfer to other third parties: Joint Controllership: If Bitpanda Payments acts together with other parties as joint controller (e.g. processing data for jointly determined purposes within the Bitpanda Group), we provide those parties with personal data if applicable and based on at least one of the legal bases listed above under Point 9. In case of a joint controllership, we transmit your personal data only based on a sufficient agreement with our partners (Art 26 GDPR). However, no sensitive payment data will be transmitted within the Bitpanda Group. Other third parties: Bitpanda Payments might transfer your personal data to any other person with your consent to the disclosure or the purpose of performing a contract or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract, especially for the performance of payment services to credit institutions and other payment service providers as well as in regard of Bitpanda GmbH and/or Bitpanda Metals GmbH, as far as the disclosure is necessary for the performance of transactions of cryptocurrencies, digital assets or the purchase and sale of precious metals. 11. International data transfer: Is data transferred to third countries or international organisations? Your personal data might be accessed by staff or suppliers in, transferred to, and/or stored at, a destination outside the country in which you are located, whose data protection laws might be of a lower standard than those in the European Union. However, Bitpanda Payments will in all circumstances, safeguard personal data as set out in this Privacy Policy. If we process personal data in a third country (outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area [EEA]) or if this occurs in the context of the use of third-party services or disclosure and/or transfer of personal data to third parties, we shall only transfer personal data to the performance of our (pre)contractual obligations, based on your consent, a legal obligation or our legitimate interests. Subject to legal or contractual authorisations, we process or have personal data processed in a third country only where the conditions of Art 44 et seq GDPR are met. This means, for example, that processing and transferring is carried out based on special safeguards, such as the officially recognised setting of adequate level of data protection corresponding to the EU (e.g. for the USA by the EU/US Privacy Shield) or compliance with officially recognised special contractual obligations (known as “Standard Contractual Clauses”). Please contact privacy@bitpanda.com if you need further information regarding the international data transfer or if you would like to see a copy of the specific safeguards applied to the export of your personal data. 12. Retention and deletion periods: For how long is my personal data processed (stored) and when will it be deleted? We retain your personal data, as far as necessary, for the duration of the entire business relationship (from initiation through performance to termination of a contract), and in principal, 1 year after termination of the business relationship. Beyond this we retain your data only for a longer period, in accordance with statutory retention and documentation obligations or to defend legal claims. When we perform payment initiation services for you, we will not store the sensitive payment data obtained thereby. The retention period is thus determined by the statutory retention periods or limitation periods. In accordance with the Austrian Enterprise Code (UGB) and the Federal Tax Code (BAO) 7 years, in accordance with the Financial Market Money Laundering Act (FM-GWG) and the Payment Service Provider Act (ZaDiG 2018) 5 years, in accordance with the Equal Treatment Act (GIBG) half a year and in certain cases between 3 and 30 years according to the Austrian General Civil Code (ABGB) e.g. if data are required as evidence for legal disputes or for as long as there are other legitimate interests in retention. Unless expressly stated in this Privacy Policy, personal data processed by us shall be erased as soon as they are no longer required for their intended purpose and the erasure does not conflict with any statutory retention obligations. 13. Data subject rights: What rights and options under GDPR do I have? Right of access: You have the right to request confirmation from us as to whether we are processing personal data concerning you. Where personal data concerning you is being processed, you have the right to receive information from us within a reasonable time regarding the personal data stored about you and to receive a copy of the personal data concerning you which is undergoing processing. Please use this Link if you are logged into your account to submit such a data access request. Right of rectification: You have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you. Considering the purposes of the processing, you shall also have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement. Right to erasure: You have the right to request from Bitpanda Payments the erasure of personal data concerning you, where one of the following grounds applies and if no further processing is required: the personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected; you withdraw your consent on which the processing was based and where there is no other legal basis or overriding legitimate interest for the processing; the personal data has been unlawfully processed; or erasure of the personal data is required for compliance with a legal obligation under European Union or Member State law to which the Controller is subject.
Requests for the erasure of personal data must include the respective ground (Art 17 para 1 GDPR). Right to restriction of processing: You have the right to request from us the restriction of processing where one of the following conditions applies: you contest the accuracy of the personal data (the restriction shall be put in place for a period which enables Bitpanda Payments to verify the accuracy of the personal data); the processing of your personal data was unlawful, and you oppose the erasure of your personal data and request instead the restriction of their use; Bitpanda Payments no longer requires your personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you require them for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims; or You have objected to processing your personal data and it has not yet been determined whether the legitimate grounds of Bitpanda Payments override your own.
Right to data portability: You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you which you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You shall also have the right to request that we transfer this data directly to another controller, designated by you, where this is technically feasible and does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. The right to data portability may only be exercised where the basis of the processing is either your consent or a (pre)contractual necessity, and where the processing is carried out by automated means. The right to data portability does not apply to processing which is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller. Right to object: You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time if the processing is based on our legitimate interests. If you have objected to processing, we shall no longer process your personal data, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or unless the processing is for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims. The objection does not affect the lawfulness of processing your personal data based on legitimate interests before your withdrawal. Contact: To exercise one of the above-mentioned rights, you can send an email to privacy@bitpanda.com or a letter to Bitpanda Payments GmbH, Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria. Please note that for such requests we require further identification data from you (e.g. Passport, ID card, etc), in order to ensure that your personal data is only shared with you. 14.Objection Advertisement: How can I object to the processing of my data for advertising purposes? You can also object to any use of your personal data for advertising purposes. Please contact us via email privacy@bitpanda.com if you want to generally object to the processing of your data for advertising purposes. The objection does not affect the lawfulness of processing your personal data based on legitimate interests before your withdrawal. Please keep in mind, however, that such an objection will only be made to Bitpanda Group and that even after such an objection, you might still receive advertising about Bitpanda from other providers on other websites over which we have no control. 15. Automated decision-making: Does Bitpanda Payments use my personal data for automated decision-making including profiling? Bitpanda Payments does not use personal data for automated decision-making including profiling within the meaning of Art 22 GDPR (e.g. decisions producing legal effects concerning data subjects, or otherwise significantly affecting them, based solely on automated processing of personal data, including profiling). 16. Processing for other purposes: Is my personal data processed for purposes other than those for which the personal data was collected? As a general principle of Bitpanda Payments, we only process personal data for the purposes for which they were collected. In exceptional cases, however, we might process your personal data which we have collected for one specific purpose for another purpose. In this case, we will inform you before the intended processing about this purpose, the period for which your personal data will be stored, the exercise of data subject rights, the option to withdraw consent, the existence of the right to file a complaint with the data protection authority, whether provision of the data was necessary on legal or contractual grounds and what the consequences would be if it were not provided, and whether automated decision-making or profiling is carried out. 17. Supervisory authority: With which supervisory authority can I file a complaint? You have the right to file a complaint to the competent supervisory authority, if you think you’ve your rights have been violated under the GDPR. In Austria, this is the Data Protection Authority (Datenschutzbehörde). 18. Declaration of consent: How do I give my consent and how can I withdraw my consent? By checking the respective box as a part of the registration process or in case of an update after the login into your Bitpanda account or when requesting a service of Bitpanda Payments, you expressly confirm that you have read the Privacy Policy and that you agree to the data processing as described therein. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by mail to Bitpanda Payments GmbH, Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria, or via email to privacy@bitpanda.com. Please keep in mind that we might not be able to provide all our services to you anymore, if you withdraw your consent. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing your personal data based on consent before your withdrawal. 19. Data Security: How is my personal data protected? The security of data is very important to Bitpanda Payments and we are committed to protecting data we collect. We maintain comprehensive administrative, technical and physical measures designed to protect your personal data against accidental, unlawful or unauthorised destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. These measures meet the highest international safety standards and are regularly reviewed regarding their effectiveness and suitability for achieving the intended safety objectives. We have implemented the following technical and organisational measures for example: SSL encryption on our websites from which we transfer personal data; two-factor authentication (2FA) for our platform; ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of our systems and services; use of encrypted systems; pseudonymisation and anonymisation of personal data; entry, access and transfer control for our offices and systems; measures for rapid recoverability of the availability of personal data in the event of a physical or technical incident; measures for privacy by design and default on our platform like e.g. prevention of user enumeration; implementation of procedures for regular review, assessment and evaluation of the effectiveness of the technical and organisational measure to ensure the security of the processing like e.g. our bug bounty programme; internal IT security guidelines and IT security trainings; incident-response management. Please also make sure that you use the two-factor authentication (2FA) for your Bitpanda account, keep your access data confidential and protect your computer against unauthorised access.
20. Updates of this Privacy Policy: How will I find out about changes to this Privacy Policy? We, Bitpanda Payments, are committed to keeping the principles of data protection up to date. For this reason, we regularly review and update our Privacy Policy. This is to ensure that it is correctly and clearly displayed on our website, contains appropriate information about your rights and our processing activities (also with regard to technical changes or business development) and is implemented in accordance with applicable law, thus complying with data protection requirements. We update this Privacy Policy from time to time when required, in order to take current circumstances into account. If we make significant changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you after you have logged in to your account and provide you with the updated version of the Privacy Policy. If it is required by applicable law, Bitpanda Payments will obtain your express consent to significant changes. 21. How to contact us? Thank you for reading our Privacy Policy! If you have any further questions about this Privacy Policy or the processing of your personal Data, please contact our privacy team: privacy@bitpanda.com Bitpanda Cookie Policy The current version of this Cookie Policy is: June 2019   About this Cookie Policy
Our website and applications use cookies. NO! Bitpanda is no bakery and this is not a policy about pastries and biscuits…cookies are small text files that are set and stored on a computer system via the internet browser. However, if you are looking for delicious panda cookie recipes you can find them here.
Bitpanda wants to give you the best possible experience with our website to ensure that you enjoy the usage of our products and services now and in the future. That’s why we want to understand user behaviour on our website in order to improve it continuously. For this, it is necessary to use cookies and similar technologies. Additionally, our authorised service providers who help us with various aspects of our business, such as site operations, IT Security, advertisements and other services, may place cookies on your device via our website.
Bitpanda really appreciates the trust you place in us when using our platform, for this reason, privacy and data security have an enormously high priority for us. The objective of this Cookie Policy is to provide you, as visitor of our website and user of our services with transparent and accessible information about cookies and tools we use, the role they play in helping us to provide you with the best user interface and experience on our website, as well as the possibilities you have regarding cookie settings and your privacy.
For more information about cookies, tracking, cookie settings and privacy concerns, please visit: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
If personal data is processed, we will do so only in accordance with the GDPR and other applicable law. For further information in this regard, we refer to our Privacy Policy.   About Bitpanda Group
Bitpanda GmbH and its direct and indirect subsidiaries (hereinafter referred to as "Bitpanda" or "Bitpanda Group" or "we") offers via www.bitpanda.com and its mobile application (“Mobile App”) (together hereinafter referred to as "website" or “platform”) services and products related to buying and selling cryptocurrencies and other digital assets as well as payment and IT services.
Bitpanda GmbH with its business address at Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria, registered in the commercial register of the Commercial Court of Vienna under FN 423018k is the parent company and is the operator of the platform and is responsible for the offer of cryptocurrencies on it.
Bitpanda Group consists of the following companies which are all subsidiaries of Bitpanda GmbH:
Bitpanda Metals GmbH: has its business address at Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria, registered in the commercial register of the Commercial Court of Vienna under FN 511923 d, and offers trading with precious metals via the platform www.bitpanda.com.
Bitpanda Payments GmbH: has its business address at Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria, registered in the commercial register of the Commercial Court of Vienna under FN 501412x, and offers different payment services via the platform www.bitpanda.com and others.
Bitpanda UK Limited: has its business address at 68 Hanbury Street, E1 5JL, London, United Kingdom, registered in the Companies House under company number 11106704, and acts as service provider for the Bitpanda Group.
Pantos GmbH: has its business address at Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria, registered in the commercial register of the Commercial Court of Vienna under FN 481562 f, and develops new blockchain applications and offers its own cryptocurrency via the platform www.bitpanda.com, see also www.pantos.io.   Applicability:
To whom does this Cookie Policy apply?
This Cookie Policy applies to all persons who use Bitpanda's services, the website and the Mobile App; generally, such persons hereinafter called "client” or “you”. Please also check our other policies (e.g. Privacy Policy), which may amend this Cookie Policy in certain areas.   Operator:
Who is responsible for cookies and who can you contact?
Bitpanda GmbH, as parent company, is the operator of the platform and acts as a central point of contact for all issues concerning cookies and similar technologies on the platform and in the Mobile App.
If you have any questions in connection with cookies on our website or the processing of your personal data, you can contact our privacy team: privacy@bitpanda.com
Please note that for certain requests we require further identification data from you (e.g. Passport, ID card, etc), in order to ensure that your personal data is only shared with you.   Cookies and similar technologies: What are cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies?
Generally, cookies are text files (typically made up of letters and numbers) which are downloaded to your computer, tablet, smartphone or other devices (hereinafter referred to as “device”) when you visit our website. Such files allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you interact with our website, services (newsletter) and applications. We use most of them to optimise the performance of our website as well as to improve our platform, products and services continuously. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise your devices.
There are many specific types of cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies that are used, and their names may change from time to time. In order to help you better understand cookies and their functions as well as our use of such technologies, we would like to explain this to you hereafter in more detail.
The term cookie or tracking tool describes many different technologies, for example the following: session and persistent cookies; flash and HTML 5 cookies; JavaScript Snippets; web beacons or gifs (also called ClearGIFs, tracking pixels or pixel tags, Skript, Page Tags); other device identifiers; additional analytic tools without direct cookie settings.
In this Cookie Policy, we will use the term “cookie” or “similar technologies” to cover all kinds of such technologies. We will provide you with necessary details regarding special cookies and how you can change your settings regarding these technologies.   All about cookies:
Which types of cookies exist and what are the purposes of cookies?
Types of cookies:
Session cookies: these are temporary cookie files, which are only active for the browser session and are thus erased after you close your browser (“session cookies”). The next time you visit that website, it will not recognise you.
Persistent cookies: these are files which are stored for a longer period in your browser’s subfolders until you delete them manually or your browser deletes them after a period contained within the persistent cookie’s file (“persistent cookies”). Usually the storage time for persistent cookies is between 30 days and a maximum 2 year (this does not necessarily apply to third party cookies, please see 11).
First-party cookies: these are cookies stored directly by the website that you are visiting, e.g. by us or by an assigned third party (“first-party cookies”).
Third-party cookies: these are cookies that are set by a party other than the website you are visiting, so a third party sets this cookie through this website (“third-party cookies”).   Cookie ID:
Cookies might contain what is known as a cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier for the cookie. It consists of a string of characters that websites and servers associate with the specific internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows websites to distinguish your own individual browser from other internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific internet browser can be recognised and identified via the unique cookie ID. However, a person cannot be identified via such cookies (there may be exceptions for special tools of third parties, please see 11). Regardless, there are also cookies without a cookie ID, like most session cookies. Furthermore, some tools might recognise visitors via device fingerprinting and similar technologies.   Categories and purposes of cookies:
Cookies have many different purposes and we use them for many important functions on our website. This is why we would like to explain those categories, as well as the purposes and functions to you.
Essential cookies: such cookies can be session or persistent cookies and they are necessary to provide our services to you. Such cookies and similar technologies are essential to enable our websites to display the settings you have made and navigate the website correctly. Furthermore, we use such cookies for security reasons as well as for the general performance of our services and to offer our products (e.g. Affiliate programme and Tell-a-Friend programme). They are usually set to adapt to how you use our website before and after the login, equivalent to a client request. These cookies make it possible to remember your privacy and language settings, if you are logged into your account together with other customisations. For example, you as the user of a website do not need to enter your login details on each visit to the website, because this is handled by the website and by the cookie stored in your browser. Regarding security matters, such technologies help us with the identification and examination of potentially defective or suspicious access to our websites, user accounts and our network (e.g. prevention of identity theft, bot attacks, fraud, etc.). With such technologies, we can also detect technical issues on our website (e.g. crash reports). Essential cookies will be provided by us or by a third party whose services are implemented by us on our website (e.g. reCHAPTCHA, Sentry, Sift Science). If you block these cookies via your browser, our services cannot be provided to you.
Performance cookies: these cookies and similar technologies (analytic tools) are used to collect information about the visitors of our website (number, frequency, preferences, etc.) and how visitors use our website, so that we can measure and improve the performance of our website, including our services. They also help us to know which pages and parts of our platform are the most popular or unpopular and how visitors move around the website. This helps us improve the way our site works as well as the general user experience. Also, web analytic tools might use cookies to enhance the performance of the website. Such cookies can be session or persistent cookies. All information collected by these cookies is aggregated and therefore kept anonymous for us (this does not necessarily apply to third parties, please see 11). These cookies will be provided by us or by a third party whose services are implemented on our sites. Blocking such cookies and tools via your browser or opting-out has no effect on the services provided to you. However, it makes it harder for us to further improve the user experience that our customers appreciate so much.
Advertisement cookies: mostly, such cookies are persistent cookies from third party tools which are implemented on our website. Among other uses, such cookies allow us to deliver advertisement more relevant to you and your interests (customised advertising). We can also track our marketing campaigns with such tools (e.g. conversion tracking). Furthermore, they can limit the number of times you see an ad and generally they make advertising more relevant to you. Such cookies might collect information about you and your browsing habits, like the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. Advertising networks very often set such cookies with the permission of the website operator, whereby they can be linked directly to the websites of such companies. Thus, such third parties may be able to track your browser across other websites and create a profile with your interests; especially if you are logged into your social media accounts while surfing. This can also affect the content you see on other websites you visit. Such advertising tools also allow us to deliver ads to people on other websites or in social media who have previously visited our website (also “retargeting”). All information collected by these tools is aggregated and therefore kept anonymous for us (this does not necessarily apply to third parties, please see 11). Blocking these cookies via your browser or the opt-out has no effect on the services offered to you. However, you will still see ads, but they won't be personalised for you and therefore less relevant for you.
Other tracking technologies: Files or code like, e.g. pixel, scripts, web beacons, gifs or page tags, might be implemented in emails (e.g. newsletter), applications or in ads, to record your interaction with us, so that we can better analyse and improve our services and campaigns. You can generally block such technologies by adjusting either your browser or device settings (please see 9). As long as you use the browser, these settings should apply to all technologies, whether they are on a website or in an email. However, in some cases, depending on your email or browser settings, the files might be automatically accepted. Blocking such cookies and similar technologies does not affect the service offered to you.
Mobile App Tracking: When you use our Mobile App, we might record information that is unique to you and associated with your device (such as operating system, IP-address, browser type, device type, unique device identification number), your activities within the app, and your network location. This information is used to measure and improve the performance and usability of the Mobile App.   Personal Data:
Do we process personal data via cookies?
In general, no personal data will be processed via cookies. However, in some cases the collected data might be considered as personal data and so, we might process personal data via cookies on our website. If we want to process your personal data, then only to the extent there is a legal basis and purpose for the processing and only in accordance with the applicable data protection laws (e.g. GDPR and DSG). For further information in this regard, we refer to our Privacy Policy.   Hyperlinks:
What about links to other websites and content of third parties?
Our website and this Cookie Policy contain links to other websites and by clicking on the links you will be redirected to a website of a third-party over which we have no control. Therefore, we do not assume any liability for the content of such websites. The respective provider of the linked website is solely responsible for the content and correctness of the information provided there, as well as for the tracking and setting of cookies by such websites.   Cookie preferences:
How to manage your cookie preferences and what other options do you have?
There are many different options to prevent tracking and setting of cookies in your internet browser and on your devices. Below are some of the most important possibilities and tools for your devices.
Appropriate settings in your browser:
You can prevent setting of cookies through our website at any time by selecting the appropriate setting (e.g. Do Not Track) in your internet browser used and may thus permanently object to the setting of cookies or getting informed if a new cookie was set. Cookies which have already been set can be deleted at any time via your internet browser or other software programs. This can be done in all commonly used internet browsers. If you use a DNT (“Do Not Track”) function, we won’t track you or store any first-party cookies on your devices. However, please note that this does not apply to Essential Cookies. Furthermore, tracking tools from third-parties might be still able to track you (for further information see Point 9.4 and 11). If the setting of cookies is fully disabled in your internet browser, not all functions of our website may be fully usable for you.
You can find a description of appropriate settings for each common browser with the following links: Google Chrome and Chrome Android and Chrome iOS
Safari and Safari iOS Mozilla Firefox Internet Explorer
Appropriate setting in your Bitpanda Account:
You can update your cookie settings regarding the categories Performance and Advertising at any time or when you are logged into your account.   Appropriate setting in the Bitpanda Mobile App:
You can prevent the setting of cookies through the Mobile App at any time by using the tracking slider in the Mobile App and may thus permanently object to the setting of cookies. Cookies which have already been set can also be deleted at any time via the settings of your device or other software programs. If the setting of cookies is disabled in the Mobile App, not all functions of the App may be fully usable for you.   Prevention of third-party cookies:
We have implemented different tools from third parties on our website, which can also store cookies on your devices. For further information regarding these tools and the processing of your personal data in this regard as well as the opt-out possibilities, please see the table with links for each provider in point 11.   Additional measures:
In addition to the setting and opt-out options described above, tracking by third-parties can be enabled and disabled generally for most providers via the following websites: For the European Union Link For the USA Link or Link For Canada Link
Cookie consent:
How do you give your consent to the use of cookies?
The first time you visit our website with one of your devices, a pop-up will appear (“cookie-banner”) with the information that our website uses cookies as well as a link to our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy. With the cookie-banner we will ask you for your consent to the use of cookies.
Which cookies are covered by your consent?
We have divided the cookies we use into three categories: “Essential”, “Performance” and “Advertisement”. In our cookie-banner, you can tick the boxes and therefore decide if you consent to the categories regarding Performance and/or Advertisement cookies or not. Essential cookies are necessary for providing our services to you (e.g. helpdesk, language, login, etc.) as well as for the security of our website and our clients (e.g. reCAPTCHA, Sift Science) and therefore you cannot opt-out this category. If you block these essential cookies via your browser, our services cannot be provided to you.
By clicking on the "Accept All" button, you expressly consent to the use of the three categories of cookies or, depending on your selection, only the categories of cookies you have selected. In addition, you agree to the related data processing and our Cookie Policy.   How can you revoke your consent?
You can revoke your consent for advertising and performance cookies at any time by deleting the cookies from your device and adjusting your browser settings or the settings in the cookie-banner. However, such settings may compromise the functionality of the website and the ads you see. The revocation of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
Please note, that if you unsubscribe from advertising cookies, the ads will not be removed from the websites you visit; instead, it means that the ads you see might not match your interests.   Which cookies can we use without your consent?
We do not give you an opt-out possibility regarding the use of essential cookies, but you still have the possibility to block such cookies via your browser settings. The usage of essential cookies might be necessary for the performance of the contract with you or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract (Art 6 para 1 lit b GDPR) or to maintain our legitimate interests (Art 6 para 1 lit b GDPR). Therefore, your explicit consent for using essential cookies is not necessary. Such cookies ensure the functionality and security of our website and services. We assume that such a use of cookies is also in your interest, this because they help us to prevent crashes or other technical issues on our website and protect the confidentiality of your data. If you block these cookies via your browser, our services cannot be provided to you.
In most cases Essential Cookies are session cookies and no personal data is processed with them. With such cookies we might process for example: date and time of your request, IP address, time zone, language, details of the request (specific page), information about your browser (version of the browser), the device and the operating system, network connection (e.g. Wi-Fi or cellular). For further information, please see also our Privacy Policy.
Through the use of the following tools we can provide you with, our services analyse the causes of technical malfunctions and avoid the authenticity of your data being impaired. Therefore, the use of these tools is covered by the mentioned legal bases:
Sentry Error Tracking: This software helps us to monitor and fix crashes on our website in real time. Only anonymised technical data will be collected via the software. Such information is used to prevent bugs and crashes on our website (see also point 11).
Zendesk Customer Support: Zendesk is our customer support software, which is implemented on our website to communicate with you if you have any questions regarding our products and services or if you have problems with the registration process, the verification or the login. The software provides us also with anonymous statistical data regarding the usage of our customer support (see also point 11).
Sift Science: this tool is only active when you use the log-in or sign-up button. The software helps us to prevent our website against criminal activities (e.g. fraud) and to protect your personal data against unlawful or unauthorised access, disclosure or use. The tool does not set cookies to your browser but analyses the usage of the website in the background to recognise unlawful or unauthorised access to our platform as well as fraud and report it to us (see also point 11).
reCAPTCHA: this tool is only active when you use the log-in or sign-up button. The software helps us to detect abusive traffic and spam. The software uses a risk analysis engine and adaptive challenges to keep automated software from engaging in abusive activities. The tool does not set cookies to your browser but analyses the use of the login page in the background (see also point 11). Tell-a-Friend and Affiliate programme: We use this first party cookie to determine when affiliates or participants of the Tell-a-Friend Programme refer new customers to Bitpanda. This reference cookie is only set if you have been recruited within such a programme. Setting this cookie is necessary to provide such services to our clients and to grant the respective rewards. The cookie is only used as a reference and beyond that, we will not track you or use this cookie for any other purpose. You can delete this cookie at any time via the settings of your browser or device.   Third-party tools:
Which tools from third parties do we use and how you can opt-out? The following tools from third parties are implemented on our website and therefore they might store cookies on your devices or track your behavior when you visit our website. Because of how cookies and similar technologies work, we cannot access data collected by third-party cookies, nor can other companies or persons access the data generated by such tools. Furthermore, not all tracking functions of third-party tools can be controlled by us. Therefore, we do not assume any liability for any negative impact that you may incur through the use of your data by such third-party tools. All these providers are obliged to comply with the applicable data protection regulations and moreover, they are solely responsible, as defined under Art 4 no 7 GDPR, for any processing of personal data.
For more information regarding third-party tools, the cookie settings and the processing of personal data in this regard, please click on the respective links for each provider. In addition to the general opt-out possibilities in Point 9, we provide you in the following table with opt-out possibilities for such tools and you can therefore disable the setting of cookies and sharing your data. Tool Provider Type of cookies Policies Opt-out Information
Hotjar Hotjar Limited Level 2, St Julian’s Business Centre, 3 Elia Zammit Street, 1000 St Julian’s STJ, Malta Performance Privacy Policy Opt-out Google Analytics and GA Audiences Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Pkway, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA Performance and Advertisement Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Opt-out add-on Google AdWords and conversion tracking Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA Advertisement Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Opt-out Facebook Pixels and Custom Audience Facebook Ireland Ltd 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, Dublin 2, Ireland Advertisement Privacy Policy Cookie Policy About Pixel Opt-out Facebook Social Media Plugin Facebook Ireland Ltd 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, Dublin 2, Ireland Advertisement Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Opt-out Facebook SDK Facebook Ireland Ltd 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbor, Dublin 2, Ireland Mobile App Tracking (Performance) Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Opt-out via App settings Bing Ads Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited 70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland Advertisement Privacy Policy Opt-out Twitter Conversion Tracking Twitter Inc 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA Advertisement Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Opt-out Alexa Metrics Alexa Internet Inc 2730 Gateway Oaks Drive, Suite 100, Sacramento, CA 95833, USA Performance and Advertisement Privacy Policy Opt-out AdRoll AdRoll Inc 2300 Harrison Street, Fl 2, San Francisco CA 94110, USA Advertisement Privacy Policy Opt-out Reddit Conversion Pixel Reddit Inc 548 Market St #16093 San Francisco, CA 94104, USA Advertisement Privacy Policy Opt-out User opt-out reCAPTCHA Google LLC 1600 Amphitheatre Pkway, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, USA Essential Privacy Policy Opt-out via your browser Sift Science Sift Science Inc 625 Market Street, Suite 200 San Francisco, CA 94105 USA Essential Privacy Policy Opt-out via your browser Zendesk Zendesk Inc. 1019 Market St San Francisco, CA 94103 USA Essential Privacy Policy Opt-out via your browser   Updates of this Cookie Policy:
How do you find out about changes to this Cookie Policy?
We are committed to upholding the principles of privacy. For this reason, we regularly review and update our Cookie Policy. This is to ensure that it is correctly and clearly displayed on our website, contains appropriate information about your rights and our activities (technical changes or business developments) and is implemented in accordance with applicable law, thus complying with ePrivacy (Telekommunikationsgesetz) and other data protection requirements. We update this Cookie Policy from time to time when required, in order to take current circumstances into account. We will always provide you with the latest version of our Cookie Policy on our website. If it is required by applicable law, we will obtain your express consent to significant changes.   How to contact us?
Thank you for reading our Cookie Policy!
If you have any further questions about this Cookie Policy, please contact our privacy team: privacy@bitpanda.com Bitpanda Ecosystem Token "BEST" initial exchange offering terms and explanatory notes Definitions Please refer to Annex 1 ‘Definitions’. Principles The following terms (“Terms”) exclusively govern the initial exchange offering (“IEO”) of Bitpanda Ecosystem Token (“BEST”) by Bitpanda GmbH to any person interested in participating in the IEO (“IEO Participant” or “you”) and the terms and conditions of BEST. BEST will be issued on the Ethereum Blockchain as an ERC20 token.
Bitpanda GmbH is a company with limited liability established and existing under the laws of Austria, having its registered seat in Vienna, and its registered business address at Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, A-1020 Vienna, Austria registered in the Austrian Companies Register under registration number FN 423018 k (“Bitpanda”). Bitpanda and its group provides online services for the exchange of digital assets. This Bitpanda ecosystem comprises all services offered by the Bitpanda group, in particular on the platform www.bitpanda.com, Bitpanda Apps and all services and products available there (“Bitpanda Ecosystem”). You, as a fully verified “Bitpanda Client”, can use BEST to take advantage of certain benefits within the Bitpanda Ecosystem (“BEST Benefits”). Such BEST Benefits may be inter alia (i) discounts when paying fees in the Bitpanda Ecosystem with BEST, (ii) perks based on certain amounts of holding BEST (iii) access to a planned Bitpanda Launchpad and (iv) access to additional future products. For more details to BEST Benefits please refer to the project idea description (“Vision Paper”) with regards to Bitpanda Ecoystem Token. For the Vision Paper and further information on the IEO visit (www.bitpanda.com/best). Please refer to the discussion of legal points for more information on this matter (Legal FAQs). For the information contained in the Legal FAQs visit https://panda-assets.ams3.digitaloceanspaces.com/pdfs/best/bitpanda-best-legal-faqs.pdf. The information contained in the Legal FAQs, the Vision Paper and on the website is only of descriptive nature, and – unless explicitly referred to herein – does not form an integral part of these Terms, is not and does not purport to be a full or complete description of any and all legal aspects and is not an advice, investment advice or legal advice of any kind.
Acquiring BEST in the IEO Bitpanda GmbH launches the BEST IEO as of 9 June 2019, 01:00 pm CET (UTC + 2 hours). A maximum of 1 billion BEST will be created and never to be increased. As part of the IEO a maximum of 500,000,000 BEST will be offered to IEO Participants, the other 500,000,000 BEST remain with Bitpanda. The amount of BEST offered to IEO Participants not being sold as part of the IEO will also remain with Bitpanda. The total amount of BEST allocated at Bitpanda may be used by Bitpanda at its sole discretion (e.g. airdrops, bonus for IEO Participants, reserve, bounties, team bonus, own assets, etc). You can acquire BEST in three phases until the maximum amount of 500,000,000 BEST is sold. These three IEO phases are structured as follows:
Phase 1 Phase 2 Phase 3
Date 9 July 2019 (1 pm CET) 16 July 2019 (1 pm CET) 16 July 2019 (1.01 pm CET) 23 July 2019 (1 pm CET) 23 July 2019 (1.01 pm CET) 6 August 2019 (1 pm CET) price / BEST 0.09 EUR 0.095 EUR 0.10 EUR Amount for sale maximum 200,000,000 BEST the remaining BEST amount (i.e. maximum 300,000,000 BEST)
The IEO ends at the time of the following event occurring earlier: (i) all three IEO phases have been completed, i.e. the end of Phase 3, 6 August 2019, 1 pm CET, or (ii) the maximum amount of 500,000,000 BEST has been acquired by IEO Participants. Acquiring BEST is exclusively possible in the following way: You offer bindingly to exchange Token into BEST to Bitpanda (“Exchange Offer”). To make such binding offer you have to (i) correctly fill in all necessary, valid and correct data on Bitpanda's respective trading screen, and (ii) click/confirm "Buy now" button (item (ii) referred to as the "Final Offer Click"). The conditions offered by Bitpanda for your order are valid for one minute which is the maximum time to validate and confirm the conditions by the Final Offer Click. For the avoidance of doubt in this context the word "buy" is to be interpreted and qualified exclusively as "binding offer to accept the receipt of BEST in exchange for the specified amount in Token. After having received an Exchange Offer Bitpanda may or may not accept such offer by factual fulfilling of the offer (tatsächlilche Erfüllung des Angebots) at Bitpanda’s sole discretion (the “CCOFA”). An IEO Participant having received BEST in its Bitpanda Wallet is called a BEST Holder. Any conversion of Token required in connection with an Exchange Offer will be calculated based on the exchange rates offered via Bitpanda Ecosystem at the time of the Final Offer Click. As mentioned above you will see and check the offered conditions in the course of the Exchange Offer on your trading screen prior to your confirmation. Bitpanda requires certain specified information from you when making an Exchange Offer. You are aware and accept herewith that Bitpanda may at Bitpanda's sole discretion decide at which point in time you must deliver copies of passports (in notarized and apostilled form or not) and any other documents required by law and/or as defined in Privacy Policy of Bitpanda; if being a legal entity copies of company register excerpts or equivalent documents (in notarized and apostilled form or not) and any other documents required by law or as defined in Privacy Policy of Bitpanda. Bitpanda may also exclude any IEO Participant at any time based on good reasons (like Anti-Money-Laundering reasons, attempted frauds, etc).
IEO Bonus system An IEO Participant reaching certain thresholds of BEST holdings in its Bitpanda Wallet during the BEST IEO qualifies for a bonus depending on the respective BEST holding (“Bonus”). This means that you, as an IEO Participant, receive additional 1% of your BEST holding in case your minimum holdings of BEST reach at least 5,000 BEST to 49,999.99 BEST; or additional 2 % of your BEST holding in case your minimum holdings of BEST reach at least 50,000 BEST to 499,999.99 BEST; or additional 3 % of your BEST holding in case your minimum holdings of BEST reach at least 500,000 BEST,
and provided that your BEST holdings exceed the outlined thresholds at the latest at the end of the IEO. Such Bonus will be booked in your respective Bitpanda Wallet at latest four Business Days after the end of the IEO.
BEST Airdrop After the end of the IEO two airdrops will automatically take place to distribute BEST to (i) verified Bitpanda Clients (as set forth under item 2.1 T&C Bitpanda) as well as (ii) Pantos (PAN) holders (each a “Airdrop”). You will participate in an Airdrop, if you are a verified Bitpanda Client in accordance with item 2. T&C Bitpanda at 13 August 2019, 1 pm (CET), and you accept the Airdrop, then you will receive an Airdrop of BEST; this Airdrop will have a total volume of 10,000,000 BEST which are allocated in equal shares amongst the Airdrop Participants accepting such Airdrop. A person fulfilling the criteria mentioned in this item is called an “Airdrop Participant”; and you may receive an additional Airdrop of BEST, if you hold at least 500 Pantos (PAN) in your respective PAN Bitpanda Wallet at 13 August 2019, 1 pm (CET), and you accept such Airdrop. This Airdrop will have a total volume of 10,000,000 BEST which are allocated in relation to the PAN holdings amongst the Airdrop Participants accepting such Airdrop.
Please note that Bitpanda may restrict, limit or change this allocation procedure at its sole discretion. Bitpanda may also exclude any Airdrop Participant at any time in or after the allocation based on good reasons (like Anti-Money-Laundering reasons, attempted frauds, etc).
Post IEO Each BEST Holder, that is also a Bitpanda Client (as referred to in item 2.1 of the T&C Bitpanda), may exchange BEST in Bitpanda Ecosystems. For such exchanges the T&C Bitpanda apply. You, as a BEST Holder, understand and accept that while the individuals and entities, including involved entities assigned to this task (in particular Bitpanda and any of its affiliates), will make reasonable efforts to develop and further complete the Bitpanda Ecosystem, it is possible that such development might fail and that the Bitpanda Ecosystem – on whatever form of technology it is based on – might (partly) not be created, might become useless and/or valueless due to technical, commercial, regulatory or any other reasons. You, as a BEST Holder, are also aware of the risk that even if all or parts of the Bitpanda Ecosystem are successfully developed and released in full or in parts, due to a lack of public interest, the Bitpanda Ecosystem on – whatever form of technology it is based on – could be fully or partially abandoned, remain commercially unsuccessful, or shut down for lack of interest or other reasons. You therefore understand and accept that the exchange of BEST and/or the allocation, use and ownership of BEST carries significant financial, regulatory and/or reputational risks, including the complete loss of value (if any and in whatever form such value is measured or hoped for) of BEST and attributed features thereto. You, as a BEST Holder, are aware and accept that 25 % of the BEST which have been used by BEST Holder to pay fees in the Bitpanda Ecosystem, will be destroyed by Bitpanda on a quarterly basis until 50% of the total BEST is destroyed (i.e. a token burn from 1,000,000,000 BEST to 500,000,000 BEST).
Further Agreements By making an Exchange Offer you confirm to have carefully reviewed the Terms and fully understand the risks and costs of making such an Exchange Offer and agree to such Terms. An IEO Participant accepts and agrees that there exists no right against any BEST Developer to request any refund of any Token submitted in this IEO under any circumstances. As the development of the Bitpanda Ecosystem, including inter alia (future) products and services offered by Bitpanda, depends to a large extend on external factors, which are outside of Bitpanda’s sphere (e.g. change in law governing digital assets and crypto assets, a changing market sentiment for such assets, etc), BEST Benefits may change and you confirm and accept, that Best Benefits are not guaranteed and may be amended, abandoned or time-displaced in Bitpanda’s sole discretion. This document is not a solicitation for investment and does not pertain in any way to an offering of securities in any jurisdiction. By making an Exchange Offer, and/or by receiving, using and holding BEST, no form of partnership, joint venture or any similar relationship or any entitlement (Anwartschaft) on such status between you, Bitpanda and/or other individuals or entities involved with the Bitpanda Ecosystem is created. It is the clear position of Bitpanda and each IEO Participant agrees to this legal position (Rechtsansicht) and confirms – after having duly considered every aspect of these Terms - that it has the same position, which is the following: BEST is to be qualified under Austrian law as untouchable movable thing (unkörperliche bewegliche Sache) and does not qualify as any currency (Währung), eletronic money (E-Geld), means of payment (Zahlungsmittel) and/or commodities (Waren inklusive Handelswaren). BEST itself does not represent a claim on or against (Forderung gegenüber) Bitpanda or any of its affiliates. BEST Benefits will only be activated in connection with the Bitpanda Ecosystem and for verified Bitpanda Clients (as defined in the T&C Bitpanda). This means that you may use BEST in connection with services and products of Bitpanda, but for this you have to be a Bitpanda Client to take advantage of BEST Benefits. Bitpanda accepts the exchange and use of BEST from Bitpanda Clients whereas no other legal entities or persons are obliged to accept BEST. The value of BEST is measured and priced by your own assessment and risk. BEST does not represent or constitute any ownership right or stake, share or security or equivalent right in or relating to Bitpanda or any of its affiliates, the Bitpanda Ecosystem and/or any software, any public or private company, corporation, entity or property. Bitpanda may at its sole discretion decide how to handle forks or splits of BEST. Respectively Bitpanda may decide – in particular but no limited – to keep any forked or splitted new token(s)/coin(s), hand out forked or splitted new token(s)/coin(s) to its holder, provide or not to provide wallets for any forked or splitted new token(s)/coin(s), etc.
You, when making an Exchange Offer, agree irrevocably and unconditionally and you represent (gewährleistest) that you are not a citizen or resident of a country, whose legislation conflicts with the present allocation of BEST and/or this IEO in general (e.g., not a citizen or resident of the USA or Peoples Republic of China); deeply understand the functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and intricacies associated with cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software systems (including but not limited to the Bitpanda Ecosystem and BEST); are legally permitted to create, receive, hold and make use of BEST and/or the Bitpanda Ecosystem in all jurisdictions being relevant for you; are of sufficient age to legally obtain BEST in all jurisdictions being relevant for you; have the legal capacity (Geschäftsfähigkeit) to enter into any and all necessary business transactions with respect to these Terms; take sole responsibility for any restrictions and risks associated with your decision to making an Exchange Offer, receiving, using, holding and exchanging or transferring BEST; are not obtaining or using BEST for any illegal purposes; are aware of the commercial risks associated with your decision to make an Exchange Offer; understand and accept that the Bitpanda Ecosystem is undergoing substantial development which may involve significant conceptual, technical and commercial changes; have considered, understand and accept the risks as outlined in item 8, and you take the entire risks, whether they may be positive or negative. You waive the right to file any action (in whatever form) or participate in a class action lawsuit or a single or multiparty arbitration against any entity or individual involved with the development of Bitpanda Ecosystem or Bitpanda and any of its officers, employees, advisers and any affiliates of Bitpanda and their officers, employees, advisers (together the “BEST Developers”) with respect to the IEO and the development of the Bitpanda Ecosystem with respect to any failures based on negligence or gross negligence of the BEST Developers. You are aware of the fact that the development of a new technology always bears the massive risk of failures in the process of development and that it is the immanent risk of a trial and error process in the technology development to host all kind of failures including gross negligently caused failures. You understand and accept that you do not have any influence over the governance of Bitpanda and its group. You accept that you may not influence the smart contract system(s) which are in place and/or will be put in place with respect to BEST and Bitpanda Ecosystem. Bitpanda reserves the right to lock and/or freeze and/or close any account of an IEO Participant, including the right to do so with respect to a “Bitpanda Client Account” (as defined in item 4.1 T&C Bitpanda), including the block (Bockierung) of a transaction, reverse (Rückabwicklung) of a transaction, hold (Aussetzung) of a transaction, rescission (Rücktritt) from a contract/transaction, the loss of any vouchers) immediately and without further notice to the IEO Participant or Bitpanda Client, if such person has been accused of (including any reasonably documented media reports or market rumors on): fraud, terror financing, money laundering, tax fraud, or any other breach or violation of relevant criminal, administrative or tax laws in any country of the world, being part of a Ponzi scheme of any kind, using matrix programs/ pyramid programs/ multi-level marketing detrimental to customers of any kind; unlawful activity in any country of the world; forbidden gambling; intellectual property or proprietary rights infringement, counterfeit or unauthorized goods; using/distributing drugs and drug paraphernalia or substances designed to mimic illegal drugs; producing/distributing adult content and services; using unfair, predatory or deceptive practice via customers or persons; etc. Bitpanda has been informed of official investigations (by any competent public authority, in particular but not limited to any public prosecutors in the field of criminal law or tax agents) against such person with respect to fraud, terror financing, money laundering, tax fraud, or any breach or violation of relevant criminal, administrative or tax laws in any country of the world. such person breached an obligation against Bitpanda under these Terms or under the T&C Bitpanda without any reasonable chance that such person cures the breach within a reasonable grace period. such person materially breaches the rules as set forth under these Terms or the T&C Bitpanda causing significant efforts without curing the problems within 10 Business Days. such person materially breaches the rules of the Affiliate Program (see item 10) and does not cure the breaches within a reasonable grace period (depending on the breach between 24 hours and 5 Business Days).
Risks Each IEO Participant understands and accepts the following risks in connection with Bitpanda, BEST, and/or with the Bitpanda Ecosystem and/or being, becoming or ceasing to be a BEST Holder. In particular, but without being limited to these examples, each IEO Participant understands the inherent risks set forth above and hereinafter: Risk of software weaknesses: The underlying software application and software platform, the Bitpanda Ecosystems, mobile applications and system technology, the smart contract systems and other involved software and technology and technical concepts and theories in connection with Bitpanda Ecosystem are still in an early development stage and unproven. There is no guarantee or warranty that the process for receipt, use and ownership of any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units will be uninterrupted or error-free and there is an inherent risk that the software and related technologies and theories could contain weaknesses, vulnerabilities or bugs causing, inter alia, the complete loss of any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units, in particular but not limited to Token, Euros or any value of any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units. Regulatory risk: Blockchain technologies allow new forms of interaction. It is possible that certain jurisdictions will apply existing regulations, or introduce new regulations addressing, on blockchain technology-based applications/Bitpanda system technology, which may have negative influence on the current setup of the Bitpanda Ecosystem and which may, inter alia, result in substantial modifications of the Bitpanda Ecosystem, including its termination or the loss of BEST or any value which BEST might have. Bitpanda system technology is planned for a market, which is not regulated by financial markets rules. It is the design and intended structure not to fall under any financial market rules and Bitpanda or any of its affiliates intends to design, modify and/or adapt the technology in such way that financial market rules are not applicable on any cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units and/or Bitpanda system technology. Respectively within the regulatory risk category also changes in the Bitpanda Ecosystem with respect to such adaptions, amendments and re-designs may cause termination or the loss of BEST or any value which BEST might have. Risk of abandonment / lack of success: The allocation of BEST and the development of the Bitpanda Ecosystem might be abandoned for a number of reasons, including lack of interest from industry, community and/or the public, lack of funding, lack of commercial success or prospects (e.g. caused by competing projects). Respectively even if Bitpanda Ecosystem is partially or fully developed and launched, it could happen that you do not receive any functionality through the BEST held by you. Risk of theft and internet vulnerability: The underlying software application and software platform, the Bitpanda system technology, the smart contract system(s), other involved software, other technology components and/or platforms in connection with Bitpanda Ecosystem may be exposed to electronical or physical attacks that could result in theft or loss of cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units including BEST, or the theft or loss of private data, impacting the ability to develop, launch or use the Bitpanda Ecosystem. You should be aware that SMS/ messages and email services are vulnerable to spoofing and phishing attacks and should use care in reviewing messages purporting to originate from Bitpanda or any of its affiliates. You should always log into your Bitpanda Client Account through https://www.bitpanda.com to review any transactions or required actions if you have any uncertainty regarding the authenticity of any communication or notice. You should note that phishing attacks often occur despite SMS or email or equivalent services, via search engines or ads in search engines, or other fraudulent links. Neither Bitpanda nor any of its affiliates does take any responsibility for lost BEST or any other funds due to spoofing, phishing or other equivalent attacks. Risk of blockchain mining attacks: As with other public blockchain-based systems the Bitpanda Ecosystem may be susceptible to attacks including but not limited to double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, “selfish-mining” attacks, and race condition attacks or any other mining or non-mining related attacks. Any successful attacks present a risk to the Bitpanda Ecosystem, expected proper execution and sequencing of BEST transactions, and expected proper execution and sequencing of software computations. Risk of depreciation in value / extreme volatility: The value and price of BEST is assessed by your own assessment and risk. As cryptographic blockchain-based digital information units are not regulated the value of BEST is assessed differently. You accept and acknowledge that the value of BEST might experience extreme volatility and/or the value of BEST might decline to zero. As additional costs with respect to regulatory or other risks might be triggered – and if such costs are added for the purpose of calculation to the value of BEST (whatever value you might give to BEST) – BEST might also decline in their value to zero. General risk: There is no guarantee/warranty whatsoever on BEST and/or the success of the Bitpanda Ecosystem, expressed or implied, to the extent permitted by law, and that BEST is created and obtained at your sole risk on an “as is” and “under development” basis and without, to the extent permitted by law, any guarantees/warranties of any kind, including, but not limited to, warranties of title or implied warranties, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Market and community risk: You are aware of the risks of soft and hard forks and splitting including the broad possible changes to BEST which might be imposed by the market/community on BEST and Bitpanda Ecosystem. Tax risk: The tax consequences of the allocation or purchase of BEST, the exchange of Token into BEST, as well as the exchange of BEST into Token, the holding of BEST, the alienation of BEST and/or any other action or transaction related to BEST may have tax implications in your sphere; You, therefore, should contact your own tax advisors on the tax consequences in connection with BEST and the Bitpanda Ecosystem; by making an Exchange Offer to Bitpanda, and/or by receiving, using or holding BEST, and to the extent permitted by law, you agree not to hold any associated party (including Bitpanda and its affiliates, BEST Developer, Bitpanda's auditors, Bitpanda's contractors, Bitpanda's advisors, Bitpanda's employees or Bitpanda's founders) liable for any tax liability associated with or arising from making an Exchange Offer, the allocation, use or ownership of BEST or any other action or transaction related to Bitpanda Ecosystem.
No liability You acknowledge and agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable law, you will not hold any BEST Developer liable for any and all damages or injury whatsoever caused by or related to the use of, or the inability to use BEST or the Bitpanda Ecosystem under any cause or action whatsoever of any kind in any jurisdiction, including, without limitation, actions for breach of warranty, breach of contract or tort (including negligence) and that BEST Developers or Bitpanda shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages, including for loss of profits, goodwill or data, in any way whatsoever arising out of the use of, or the inability to use of the smart contract system, BEST or the Bitpanda Ecosystem. You further acknowledge that BEST Developers are not liable, and you agree not to seek to hold them liable, for the conduct of third parties and that the risk of creating, holding and using BEST rests entirely within your sphere. By receiving, holding or using BEST, and to the extent permitted by law, the you agree not to hold any third parties or BEST Developers liable for any regulatory implications or liability associated with or arising from the allocation, ownership or use of BEST or any other action or transaction related to the Bitpanda Ecosystem.
IEO Affiliate program Bitpanda offers an affiliate program (see https://www.bitpanda.com/de/legal/terms-and-conditions-affiliates) which exists independently from this IEO (“Affiliate Program”). However, this Affiliate Program will apply special commercial conditions in connection with BEST IEO from the start until the end of this IEO. After the end of this IEO the standard terms and conditions of the Affiliate Program apply (as amended from time to time). If you are interested in participating in the Affiliate Program and, hence, in the IEO chances for such affiliates, you have to meet the requirements as outlined in the terms and conditions of the Affiliate Program (in terms of application and, subsequently, approved by Bitpanda – please see the terms of the Affiliate Program for more details). If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of the Affiliate Program, please do not participate in, use, or access the Affiliate Program. You as an affiliate pursuant to the Affiliate Program will receive the following commission for BEST transactions and in accordance with the Affiliate Program: 5% of the total BEST amount acquired by the person who got referred by you as an affiliate during the IEO (“IEO Commission”). The IEO Commission will be credited in BEST and is paid directly to the affiliate’s respective Bitpanda Wallet at the latest four Business Days after the end of the IEO. The limitations of the Affiliate Program with respect to persons with residence/seat in Germany apply likewise to this IEO affiliate program which means that such persons are excluded from the participation in the IEO affiliate program due to regulatory reasons in Germany.
data protection In the course of delivering the negotiated services, Bitpanda is compliant with the GDPR as set forth in the Privacy Policy. Miscellaneous By making an Exchange Offer you must explicitly give up your 14-day right of withdrawal, from which consumers benefit according to section 11 of the "Fern- und Auswärtsgeschäfte-Gesetz" (the "FAGG"), in order to allow Bitpanda in accordance with section 18 para 1 no 11 FAGG to transfer BEST before the right of withdrawal expires. Bitpanda Systems transmit a confirmation of the closed contract to the respective Bitpanda Client according to section 5 para 2 of the FAGG immediately after the CCOFA. Bitpanda has the right to disclose any data to any competent authority if the data is requested to be disclosed by such authority in order to track or investigate any relevant cases under the Austrian Criminal Code (StGB). Bitpanda reserves the right to cooperate with such authorities to the maximum extent possible. You accept and confirms with each transaction hereunder that you accept and confirm these Terms in the current form. These Terms exclusively apply to the relationship between you and Bitpanda, with respect to the allocation, use and holding of BEST and supersede any prior statements or agreements with respect thereto. Any terms and conditions (AGB) of any IEO Participant are excluded from being applicable on the relationship between you and Bitpanda. If one or more of the provisions of these Terms or one or more of the schedules hereto are or will become invalid or unenforceable, or if one or more of the provisions of these Terms or one or more of the schedules hereto are or will become incomplete, the other provisions of these Terms and the schedules hereto will remain valid without limitation, save that the main obligations of the parties hereunder remain unaffected. Such provision – having been found illegal or unenforceable in whole or in part, shall be ineffective solely to the extent of such determination of invalidity or unenforceability only with respect to the jurisdiction in which it has been found illegal or unenforceable, without having any effect on any other jurisdiction. Each invalid or unenforceable provision shall be replaced or completed by a valid and enforceable provision in such a way that the new provision closely reflects the legal and economic effects the parties have concurrently aimed at in the invalid or unenforceable provision. Changes to and amendments of these Terms, including this clause, may be made by Bitpanda at any time and become effective within 1 month after having published such changes or amendments on the homepage of Bitpanda (www.bitpanda.com/best). The failure of Bitpanda to enforce or to exercise, at any time or for any period of time any term of or any right or remedy arising pursuant to or under these Terms shall not constitute, and shall not be construed as, a waiver of such term or right or remedy and shall in no way affect Bitpanda’s right to enforce or exercise it later, provided that such right is not time barred, expired or precluded. Any waiver to this effect must be explicitly in writing. Except as expressly stated otherwise herein, nothing in these Terms gives any person who is not an IEO Participant or Bitpanda any right to enforce any of its terms, except for any assignee of Bitpanda. Bitpanda and you agree on English language with respect to their communication. Subject to the German terms in brackets referring to Austrian legal terms/concepts (which shall be interpreted only with respect to their meaning under Austrian law and with respect to the German language term in brackets), any other language used shall be only used for purposes of the IEO Participants’ convenience. Respectively every communication or notice shall be made in English language. The English language version of these Terms is the prevailing version. These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Austria to the exclusion of the provisions of the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods and without giving effect to any statutory conflict of law provisions or rules that would cause the application of the law of any jurisdiction other than Austria. Any and all disputes or divergences or claims shall be exclusively dealt with the court having pertinent competence for 1010 Vienna.
Definitions Affiliate Program has the meaning given to it in item 10.1.
Airdrop has the meaning given to it in item 5.1 Airdrop Participant has the meaning given to it in item 5.1. BEST means the Bitpanda Ecosystem Token as described in these Terms. BEST Benefits has the meaning given to it in item 2.4. BEST Developers has the meaning given to it in item 7.8 BEST Holder is a holder of BEST. Bitpanda Client is a person having successfully completed the registration process with Bitpanda (as set forth under item 2.1 T&C Bitpanda). Bitpanda Client Account means the account of a Bitpanda Client in the Bitpanda Ecosystem. Bitpanda Wallet means the electronic wallet service for Token in the Bitpanda Ecosystem provided by Bitpanda. Bitpanda Ecosystem has the meaning given to it in item 2.3. Bonus has the meaning given to it in item 4.1. Business Day is a working day on which Austrian credit institutions are open to the public. CCOFA has the meaning given to it in item 3.4. Exchange Offer has the meaning given to it in item 3.4. Final Offer Click has the meaning given to it in item 3.4. IEO has the meaning given to it in item 2.1. IEO Commission has the meaning given to it in item 10.3. IEO Participants has the meaning given to it in item 2.1. Legal FAQs has the meaning given to it in item 2.5 Terms Means these terms and conditions of Bitpanda exclusively governing the BEST IEO and BEST. T&C Bitpanda means the terms and conditions of Bitpanda GmbH as amended from time to time Token means any digital assets offered via Bitpanda Ecosystem, inter alia, crypto assets such as Bitcoin, Dash, Ripple, Bitcoin Cash, Ether and Litecoin (E-Token), (ii) fiat currencies such as EUR, GBP, USD and CHF (F-Token) and (iii) precious metals such as gold and silver (M-Token). Vision Paper has the meaning given to it in item 2.4. Terms and explanatory notes “BEST Rewards“ General The following Terms (“Terms”) govern the rules for participating in the Bitpanda Ecosystem Token (“BEST”) rewards programme (“Programme”) of Bitpanda GmbH, with its corporate seat in Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, A-1020 Vienna (“Bitpanda”) and the legal relationship between Bitpanda and the Participant (as defined in Section 3. or “you”) arising thereof. By participating in the Programme, you confirm and accept these Terms, the BEST Terms and Conditions and the applicable Terms and Conditions of Bitpanda and any of its subsidiaries which are an integral part of these Terms.
Term and Rewards This Programme starts in April 2020 and shall be in place for an indefinite period of time unless terminated or modified by Bitpanda. You are aware and accept that Bitpanda may amend and/or terminate this Programme at any time at its sole discretion. Bitpanda may stop payouts at any time and is in no way legally obliged to pay out any rewards. By participating in the Programme, you may receive rewards transferred in BEST amounting to the equivalent of 0.50% of your BEST holdings on Bitpanda (“Bitpanda Broker”) (the rewards called “BEST Rewards”). Any BEST held outside of the Bitpanda Broker (e.g. on Bitpanda Pro or on an external blockchain wallet) will not be taken into account. In addition to this 0.50%, you may receive more BEST Rewards depending on your BEST VIP level at 11:59:59 pm CET on the last day of the month: BEST VIP level 1 +0.05% BEST VIP level 2 +0.10% BEST VIP level 3 +0.15%
You may receive BEST Rewards up to an additional 0.35% depending on your total amount traded in the previous month on the Bitpanda Broker - that is your trade activity from the 1st day of the previous month at 00:00 am CET, until the last day of the month at 11:59:59 pm CET (“Monthly Trading Volume”). Any trading volume generated outside of the Bitpanda Broker will not be taken into account. For the avoidance of doubt, it is hereby stated and clarified that any trading volume generated on Bitpanda Pro does not apply to this Programme. Monthly Trading Volume at least (>=) EUR 1,000 +0.05% Monthly Trading Volume at least (>=) EUR 5,000 +0.15% Monthly Trading Volume at least (>=) EUR 10,000 +0.25% Monthly Trading Volume at least (>=) EUR 50,000 +0.35%
You acknowledge and accept that only Participants who (i) meet all the requirements described in Section 3. and (ii) were not, for any reason, disqualified by Bitpanda in accordance with Section 4. are eligible to receive the BEST Rewards. BEST Rewards for the previous month will be credited directly to your respective Bitpanda Broker BEST wallet during the course of the afternoon (CET) on the 1st day of the following month (eg. on the 1st of May, you receive the rewards for April). Even though Bitpanda will strive to transfer BEST Rewards swiftly, you acknowledge and accept that such transfer(s) may be delayed and Bitpanda shall not be liable for any losses arising out of or in connection with a late transfer (e.g. losses due to price changes). Bitpanda is in no way bound to pay out any BEST Rewards and you have no legal claim against Bitpanda in connection with this Programme. At the end of the month, Bitpanda will take a Snapshot of your (i) BEST holdings, (ii) BEST VIP level and (iii) Monthly Trading Volume (“Snapshot”). This Snapshot is taken at 11:59:59 pm CET on the last day of the month. Because of technical or other issues, discrepancies between the Snapshot and the actual figures and numbers might occur. You hereby acknowledge and accept that Bitpanda will not be liable for any direct or indirect losses resulting out of any Snapshot not representing your corresponding numbers.
Requirements for Participation As this Programme constitutes a loyalty programme for active Bitpanda users, only registered and fully verified Bitpanda Clients (as defined in the Bitpanda terms and conditions) that accept these Terms are allowed to sign up and participate in the Programme (“Participant”). In order to be eligible to receive any BEST Rewards the Participant must therefore (i) be an existing and effective Bitpanda Client that signed up for this Programme, (ii) actively claim BEST Rewards each month, (iii) hold BEST in their Bitpanda Broker wallet (not Bitpanda Pro) and (iv) trade any digital asset at least once a month on the Bitpanda Broker (not Bitpanda Pro). You are aware and accept that Bitpanda may amend the requirements for the participation and/or terminate this Programme as described herein at its sole discretion at any time and you do not have any legal claim against Bitpanda arising out of or in connection with such an amendment or termination.
Disqualification You hereby acknowledge and accept that Bitpanda may at its sole discretion disqualify a Participant from the Programme at any time for any reason, including but not limited to cases where Bitpanda suspects any illegal behavior (such as fraud, collusion between Participants, money laundering, manipulation of trading volume and/or prices on the Bitpanda Broker, etc). If disqualified, you hereby acknowledge and accept that you will not have any claim against Bitpanda including but not limited to any direct or indirect losses you might have accumulated in connection with the participation in the Programme.
General Legal Notice BEST Rewards are designated to function as a loyalty programme for users who are active on the Bitpanda Broker. BEST Rewards do not represent or constitute any ownership right or stake, share or security or equivalent right to or relating to Bitpanda or any of its subsidiaries nor any legal claim for payouts. BEST Rewards itself does not represent a claim on or against (Forderung gegenüber) Bitpanda or any of its subsidiaries. BEST Rewards will only be activated in connection with the active usage of the Bitpanda Broker, for fully verified Bitpanda Clients that signed up to this Programme and who fulfill all requirements for participation as outlined in Section 3. For the avoidance of doubt, it is hereby clarified that this loyalty programme is performed only on the Bitpanda Broker and is neither linked nor incorporated with BEST itself. Bitpanda may amend or terminate Best Rewards anytime at its sole discretion.   Whether the distribution of BEST Rewards triggers tax consequences (such as, for example, income tax or value added tax) depends, inter alia, on the tax laws applicable in your state of residence and/or whether you qualify as an entrepreneur or not. Please contact your own tax advisor with regards to any tax consequences in connection with this Programme. Bitpanda will strive to ensure that any numbers and figures within your Bitpanda Broker dashboard (such as but not limited to your current BEST VIP level, amount of BEST Rewards) are true and accurate at all times. However, due to technical or other issues, discrepancies between displayed and actual numbers and figures might occur. You hereby acknowledge and accept that any numbers and figures displayed within your Bitpanda Broker dashboard are not binding determinants regarding the actual numbers and figures. Furthermore, you hereby acknowledge and accept that Bitpanda will not be liable for any direct or indirect losses resulting out of any such discrepancies and that no right or claim against Bitpanda can arise thereof.
Bitpanda Card Account Terms & Conditions These terms & conditions apply to your Bitpanda Visa debit card. Please read them carefully. You can download a copy of these Terms & Conditions at any time from within your online account portal. Log in via our website www.bitpanda.com. The Bitpanda account and Visa debit card are e-money services provided by UAB Finansinės paslaugos “Contis“. Your distributor may transfer funds from a wallet you hold directly with them to cover the value of transactions you make using your Visa card. In these terms & conditions: “Distributor” means Bitpanda GmbH, with its business address at Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria, registered in the commercial register of the Commercial Court of Vienna under FN 423018k, who may distribute the account and card to you on our behalf. “Bitpanda wallet” means the wallet that you have with Bitpanda directly to store your digital assets. “You” means the named account holder being the authorised user of the Bitpanda account and Bitpanda Visa debit card. “We”, “us” or “our” means UAB Finansinės paslaugos “Contis“ or Bitpanda acting on our behalf. If you have any questions you can contact Customer Services by: Online: Log in to your Bitpanda account at www.bitpanda.com and send us a message; Mobile App: click on Contact Us in your Bitpanda mobile app and send us a message; or Post: Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria Your Bitpanda debit card is issued by UAB Finansinės paslaugos “Contis“, company code 304406236, registered in the Register of Legal Entities of the Republic of Lithuania, having a head office at Mėnulio g. 11-101, Vilnius, Lithuania. We hold the electronic money institution licence No. 53, dated 23-07-2019, issued by the Bank of Lithuania, who is our supervisory authority located at Gedimino pr. 6, LT-01103, Vilnius, Lithuania, telephone no. +370 800 50 500. You may find more information about the Bank of Lithuania at https://www.lb.lt/en/. Your Bitpanda debit card may be distributed by a third party (the Distributor) on our behalf. 1. What is a Bitpanda account and card? A Bitpanda Account, together with the Visa debit card is an e-money account, which allows you to use your Visa debit card. A Bitpanda card is a Visa debit card that can be used worldwide wherever Visa is accepted (hereinafter ‘Bitpanda Card’). It can be used online, in shops, over the phone or to withdraw cash from an ATM. You can only spend money (in the form of digital assets, according to the “Distributor GTC”) that you hold in your Bitpanda wallet. Therefore, before using your card you need to make sure there are enough funds in your Bitpanda wallet. 2. Who can apply for a Bitpanda account and card? You must be at least 18 years old and an EEA resident to be issued with a Bitpanda account and card. You must provide an email address and mobile phone number to open an account so that we can communicate with you. There is a maximum of three accounts at each residential address. 3. Can I order an extra Bitpanda card on my account for someone else? No, it is currently not possible to order an extra card for someone else. Setting up a Bitpanda Account is easy and free. For further information please refer to www.bitpanda.com. 4. How can I apply for a Bitpanda account? You can apply through Bitpanda via www.bitpanda.com. Before we can open an account for you and issue you with a card, we will require evidence of your identity and we may require evidence of your residential address. You may need to provide us with documents such as passport, driving licence, national identity documents, utility bills, bank statements or other documents to confirm your identity. We will also need to carry out checks on you electronically. For further information regarding the verification process, please refer to www.bitpanda.com. 5. How do I get started? As soon as you receive your card you must sign the signature strip on the back. You will then need to activate your card. You can do this by logging into your Bitpanda account. You also need to obtain your PIN to authorise chip-and-pin transactions and ATM withdrawals. You can get your PIN through your online account. By activating your card, you are agreeing to these terms & conditions and the terms and conditions of Bitpanda GmbH. Your card must be activated within 3 months of it being issued or it may be automatically cancelled, and your account may be closed. 6. What if I want to change my Personal Identification Number (PIN)? If you want to change your PIN, you can do so at any ATM with with PIN management functionality, locate ATMs with the “PIN change” attribute at https://www.visa.com/atmlocator/#(page:home). You can get a reminder of your PIN through your online account at www.bitpanda.com or via the mobile app. 7. How do I add funds to the Bitpanda account? Any funds on your Bitpanda wallet can be used with the Bitpanda Card. Please see the terms and conditions of the Bitpanda GmbH to find out how to fund your Bitpanda wallet. 8. What transactions can I make? You can use your Bitpanda card to authorise the following transactions to merchants that accept Visa debit card payments: Chip and PIN card payments by inserting your Bitpanda Card in the terminal and entering your PIN; Magnetic stripe card payments to any merchant that cannot accept Chip and PIN cards by signing the sales voucher; Contactless card payments by holding the Bitpanda Card over the contactless card reader; Internet card payments to online merchants by providing the Bitpanda Card details and any other security details such as your secure code credentials as requested by the online merchant; Mail order or telephone order card payments to merchants by providing the Bitpanda Card details as requested by the merchant; ATM cash withdrawals at ATMs displaying the Visa logo by inserting your Bitpanda Card at the ATM, entering your PIN and following the instructions at the ATM; E-wallet payments by adding your card to the Samsung Pay, Google Pay or Apple Pay (when available) wallets in your mobile phone and holding your mobile phone over the contactless card reader or checking the e-wallet option online. You authorise the e-wallet transaction using your mobile phone security protocol which may include biometric information such as fingerprint or face ID on your mobile phone. Like other payment cards, we cannot guarantee a third party or ATM will accept your card. You may, in addition, be required to enter a one-time passcode or other security information including, if available and if you opt for this type of identification, biometric information to authorise a transaction or make account amendments. One-time passcodes will be sent to the mobile phone number registered to your account. As soon as a transaction is authorised, we will deduct the value of your transaction from the available balance on your Bitpanda wallet. You have an agreement with your Distributor to transfer funds from a wallet you hold directly with them to cover the value of the transaction. If the Distributor is unable to transfer the funds for the transaction to your account, we will be unable to authorise the transaction. Fees may be deducted at the time of authorisation or when the transaction has been confirmed via the Visa system. A full breakdown of each transaction, including charges, will be available to view on your online account portal. Where a transaction is credited from the Visa system, for example, a refund to your card, you agree for the Distributor to automatically transfer those funds to a wallet you directly hold with Bitpanda. Once we have received authorisation for a transaction we will transfer funds to the retailer within 3 days, or to a bank or financial institution on the day we receive the authorisation or on the day you requested the payment to be made for future-dated transactions. A transaction will be received for Bitpanda Card transactions at the time we receive the transaction instruction from the retailer or ATM operator. 9. Can I cancel a transaction? Generally, authorisation for a transaction may not be withdrawn by you. However, you may be able to withdraw your authorisation where you have authorised a transaction which will take place on a future date. However, where a specific date is agreed, you may not revoke a payment order after the end of the business day preceding the agreed date. To withdraw your authorisation of a Visa debit card continuous payment authority, you must notify the retailer before the close of business on the business day before the day on which the transaction was due to take place and provide us with a copy of the notication if requested. We may charge you an administration Fee if a transaction is revoked by you under this paragraph (see the Fees and Limits table (section 33)). 10. Can I pay for things in a foreign currency? Your card is denominated in euro. If you make a purchase or an ATM withdrawal in any other currency, we will convert the sum into Euro using the exchange rate set by Visa on the day they process the transaction, this may differ from the actual date of the transaction. A transaction fee will apply to each of these transactions (see the Fees and Limits table (section 33). Any changes to the exchange rate used to convert foreign transactions will be made immediately. You can find the exchange rate for a transaction made in a currency other than euro on a given date at: https://www.visaeurope.com/making-payments/exchange-rates 11. Is there anything I can’t buy with my Bitpanda  card? You may not use your card for illegal purposes. It also cannot be used for a limited number of specified transactions. Please see our website for details. 12. How can I check my Bitpanda account? You can check your account by accessing it securely through your account via the website or mobile app. Your statement will show: information on the payee of each transaction and a reference enabling you to identify each payment transaction; the amount of the transaction shown in the currency in which the transaction was paid or debited to the account; any and all charges for the transaction; the exchange rate used in the payment transaction (where applicable); and the date the transaction is authorised or linked to the account. This information is accessible at all times via your online account portal, is available free of charge and can be stored and reproduced as necessary. You may, in addition, be required to enter a one-time passcode or other security information including, if available and if you opt for this type of identification, biometric information to access your account. One time passcodes will be sent to the mobile phone number registered to your account. 13. How long will the Bitpanda card last? Your card will be valid for 3 years. You will not be able to use your card after its expiry date. You can request a new card for replacement up to the expiry date or your Distributor will automatically send you a new card, which will automatically extend this agreement. This agreement shall terminate when your card is cancelled or expires and is not replaced. 14. Do the Bitpanda account and Card have spending limits? You can only spend the money and assets that are linked to your account. Limits also apply to daily ATM withdrawals, and other limits may be applied to the spending amount and the number of transactions you can perform. See the Fees and Limits table (section 33) and your online account portal for further details. If, for any reason, the transaction is completed when there are insufficient funds in your account, then you will have to reimburse the shortfall to us, unless it is due to an error by the retailer with whom you made the transaction. We may collect this shortfall from any card you have with us or from any funds which you subsequently pay into your account. We may suspend your card until the negative balance is restored and charge you an "administration fee" (see the Fees and Limits table (section 33)) for transactions that you make using your card that results in a negative balance or increases the negative balance on your account. 15. What if I have been overcharged or charged for transactions I didn’t make? If you wish to dispute a transaction that has been processed on your card you should contact the merchant first as this may lead to the quickest resolution. If the dispute cannot be resolved with the merchant or you dispute any other account transaction you should contact us without undue delay and, in any event, within 13 months of becoming aware of any unauthorised or incorrectly executed payment transaction. Where you have informed us that an executed payment was not authorised by you in accordance with these terms and conditions, and you have taken all reasonable steps to keep personalised security information safe, keep your card secure, not disclosed your PIN or security information to anyone else and not acted fraudulently, we will:    a) refund the amount of the unauthorised payment to you; and    b) restore the debited payment account to the state it would have been in had the unauthorised payment not taken place. Beyond this, we will have no further liability to you. Where payee details provided by you are incorrect, we are not liable for non-execution or defective execution of the payment transaction, but we will make reasonable efforts to recover the funds involved in the payment transaction and notify you of the outcome. You may be entitled to claim a refund in relation to transactions where: the transaction was not authorised under these terms and conditions; we are responsible for a transaction which we fail to execute or incorrectly execute. In these circumstances, we will refund to you the amount of the non-executed or defective payment transaction and restore the debited payment account to the state it would have been in had the defective payment transaction not taken place. We will also refund to you: (a) any direct charges for which you are responsible; and (b) any interest which you must pay, as a consequence of the non-execution or defective execution of the payment transaction; or a pre-authorised transaction did not specify the exact amount at the time of its authorisation and the amount charged is more than could reasonably be expected, taking into account previous spending patterns on the card and the circumstances of the transaction. We will either refund the full amount of the payment transaction; or provide justification for refusing to refund the payment transaction. Any refund or justification for refusing a refund will be provided within 10 business days of receiving a request for a refund or, where applicable, within 10 business days of receiving any further information requested. A claim for a refund in these circumstances will not be accepted if the amount of the transaction was made available to you at least 4 weeks before the transaction date or if the claim is made more than 8 weeks after being charged to your account. 16. What about security? You must keep your card and security credentials safe and not let anyone else know or use them. You must keep your security information secret at all times; never disclose your PIN or security information to anyone and do not store details of your PIN with your card. Security information includes your login and password details used to access your account or any other website where your card or account details are stored. We also recommend that you check the balance on your account regularly on the Bitpanda mobile app, through logging onto your account at the website (www.bitpanda.com) or by contacting Bitpanda support. 17. What if my Bitpanda Card is lost or stolen or my account details are compromised? If you lose your card or it is stolen, or you suspect that someone else has found out your PIN or security information or accessed your account without your permission, you must tell us without undue delay by calling us or logging onto your account through the mobile app or website and notifying us. Your card will be cancelled immediately and your account may be blocked. We run a dedicated line for lost or stolen cards; the number is +44 (0)1756 693 275 and calls are charged at the standard geographical rate. If, after reporting a lost card, you subsequently find the card you must not use it. Cut it in half through the signature box, magnetic strip and chip. If you ask us to do so, and provided that you provide information and assistance that we request from you, we will investigate any disputed transaction or misuse of your card or account. If the investigations show that any disputed transaction was authorised by you, or you have acted fraudulently or with gross negligence (for example, by failing to keep your card, security information or PIN secure or by failing to notify us without delay on becoming aware of the loss, theft, misappropriation or unauthorised use of the card or account), then we will not refund the transaction amount and you will be fully liable for all losses incurred because of the unauthorised use of the card or account. If the investigations show that you have not acted fraudulently or with gross negligence, your maximum loss or liability to us for any unauthorised transaction will be limited to 50 euro and we will process a refund as soon as possible, and in any event no later than the end of the business day following the day after we receive your notification. 18. Will you ever block a transaction without me asking? We may refuse to pay a transaction: if we are concerned about the security of your card or account or we suspect your card or account is being used in an unauthorised or fraudulent manner; if sufficient funds are not paid into your account at the time of a transaction to cover the amount of the transaction and any applicable fees; if there is a negative balance on your account;
if we have reasonable grounds to believe that you are not using the card or account in accordance with these terms & conditions; if we believe that a transaction is potentially suspicious or illegal (for example, if we believe that a transaction is being made fraudulently); or because of errors, failures (whether mechanical or otherwise) or refusal to process a transaction by merchants, payment processors or payment schemes such as Visa. If we refuse a transaction, we will tell you why immediately, if we can, unless it would be unlawful for us to do so. You may correct any information we hold and which may have caused us to refuse a transaction by contacting Bitpanda support. 19. Can I cancel my Bitpanda account and card? You have a legal right to cancel your Bitpanda account and Card up to 14 days from the date your card is issued without incurring any penalty and we will refund any card issue fees. We may charge you a Card Cancellation Fee if we have already incurred costs by ordering a card in your name. You can also cancel your card any time after the 14 day period subject to a Redemption Fee (the Fees and Limits table (section 33)) by contacting Customer Services. You should also cut your cancelled card in half through the signature box, magnetic strip and chip. To delete your Bitpanda account see the terms and conditions of Bitpanda, accessible via www.bitpanda.com/en/legal#terms. All fees and charges will be apportioned up until the time of the termination of the contract, and any fees and charges paid in advance will be reimbursed proportionally. You will not be entitled to a refund of money you have already spent on transactions authorised or pending or any fees for use of the card or account before the card or account is cancelled or expires. 20. Could my Bitpanda account and card be cancelled? We may cancel your account, card and this agreement by giving you at least two months' notice. Reasons for cancellation may include: if this agreement or your card expires; if you break an important part of this agreement or the terms and conditions of Bitpanda, or repeatedly break the agreement and fail to resolve the matter in a timely manner; if you act in a manner that is threatening or abusive to our staff, or any of our representatives; or if you fail to pay fees or charges that you have incurred or fail to pay back any negative balance on your card. We may also cancel your account immediately if we, inter alia: suspect unauthorised or fraudulent use of your card or account; have any other security concerns; or need to do so to comply with the law. We may also deny access to your card and/or account where we consider it to be at risk of money laundering or terrorism financing, fraud or other criminal activity. Should we need to take these actions and where possible, we will give reasons for doing so except where restricted by law. In these circumstances, you must tell us what you want us to do with any unused funds. You must do this within 3 months of the date we tell you that your account has been cancelled. 21. Can I get money back once I have deposited it? You can clear the balance on your account through spending or ATM withdrawals. See the Fees & Limits table (section 33) for the fees that would apply. Alternatively, you may request a refund of the funds on your account by contacting Customer Services and confirming that your card has been destroyed by cutting it up. We will transfer your funds back to you at no cost, unless: you are requesting redemption before the termination or expiry of this agreement; you cancel this agreement before any agreed termination or expiry date; or you request redemption more than one year after the date of termination or expiry of this agreement. If one of these situations does apply, then we will charge a redemption fee (see the Fees and Limits table (section 33)). We will not redeem the value of the funds on your account to you if your request for redemption of the funds is made more than three years after the date of termination or expiry of this agreement. All funds will be returned to a bank account of your choice. We reserve the right to see proof of your ownership of the bank account before transferring funds to it. To enable us to comply with our legal obligations, we may ask you to provide us with certain information such as identification documents before we can process your refund request. Please also refer to section 28 below for the circumstances in which we will not give you a refund. 22. Are funds on my Bitpanda account and card protected like my bank account? The account and associated card is an electronic money product and although we are supervised by the Bank of Lithuania, it is not covered by the Deposit Insurance System of the Republic of Lithuania. Also, any funds on your Bitpanda wallet are not covered by the Deposit Insurance System. No other compensation scheme exists to cover losses claimed in connection with the account and associated card. 23. What if I have a complaint? If you are unhappy in any way with your card and account or the way it is managed, you can contact Customer Services so we can investigate the circumstances for you. Any complaints you have will be dealt with quickly and fairly. We will make every possible effort to address all points of complaint by email. We will respond within 15 business days upon receiving the complaint. If a full response cannot be provided within these timeframes, we will send a holding reply with a full response to follow within 35 business days. If we are unable to resolve your complaint to your satisfaction and provided you are a consumer you may apply to the consumers disputes resolutions institution – the Bank of Lithuania, (https://www.lb.lt/en/dbc-settle-a-dispute-with-a-financial-service-provider) by filing out a free-form application and sending it to the Supervision Service, Žirmūnų g. 151, LT-09128 Vilnius, email: pt@lb.lt. 24. What if I change my details? You must let us know as soon as possible if you change your name, address, telephone number, mobile number or e-mail address. If we contact you in relation to your account we will use the most recent contact details you have provided to us. Any email or SMS text message sent to you will be treated as being received as soon as it is sent by us. We will not be liable to you if your contact details have changed and you have not told us. 25. What will happen to my personal information? We are the controller of your personal data which we will use in order to open, administer and run your account and provide payment services to you. You hereby consent to us accessing, processing, and retaining any information you provide to us, for the purposes of providing payment services to you or otherwise to fulfil this agreement. For further information about how we will process your personal data, please view our privacy policy at https://www.bitpanda.com/en/legal#privacy-contis. You may withdraw your consent to the processing of this data by closing your account. Regarding your Bitpanda wallet, please view the Bitpanda privacy policy (accessible via www.bitpanda.com/en/legal#privacy) 26. Will these terms & conditions ever change? We may change these terms & conditions by notifying you by email or other agreed means at least two months before the change is due to happen. We will assume that you agree with the change. If you do not agree with the change you must tell us before the change happens and we will cancel your account immediately. If you cancel your account in this way then we will return any balance on the account to you and you will not be charged a redemption fee. An up-to-date version of the account terms & conditions, as well as any notices of future changes will always be available via Bitpanda's website here: https://www.bitpanda.com/en/legal#terms-contis. You should check this website and your online account portal regularly for such notices and changes. 27. When may use of the Bitpanda Card and account be interrupted? From time to time, your ability to use your card or account may be interrupted, e.g. when we carry out system maintenance. If this happens, you may be unable (a) to use your card to pay for purchases or obtain cash from ATMs and/or (b) to obtain information about the funds available in your account and/or about your recent transactions. In addition, like other payment cards, we cannot guarantee a merchant will accept your card, or that we will necessarily authorise any particular transaction. This may be because of a systems problem, something outside our reasonable control, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, or because we have suspended, restricted or cancelled your account or refused to replace it in accordance with these terms and conditions or the terms and conditions of Bitpanda. 28. What is Contis' responsibility? If we incorrectly deduct funds from your account, we will refund them. If we subsequently establish that the refunded amount had in fact been correctly deducted, we may deduct it from your available balance and may charge you a fee. If you do not have a sufficiently-available balance, you must repay us the amount immediately upon request. If unauthorised transactions occur after you have notified us of the loss, theft, compromise or unauthorised use of your card or account, and you have not acted fraudulently or in breach of these terms and conditions, then we will be liable. We will not be liable: in any event that a merchant refuses to accept your card; for any interruption, disruption or impairment of our service or any third party services on which we rely for the performance of our obligations hereunder; for refusing to authorise a transaction; for cancelling or suspending the use of your card or account; for any loss arising from your inability to use your card or access your account due to interruptions; for any direct or indirect loss or damage you may suffer, including loss of revenue, loss of reputation, goodwill, opportunity or anticipated savings as a result of your total or partial use or inability to use your card, mobile app, website or account or the use of your card or account by any third party (unless otherwise required by law); for the quality, safety, legality or any other aspect of any goods or services purchased with your card; and any abnormal and unforeseeable circumstances beyond our control, however so caused.  Regarding the SMS services we offer, we are not responsible for lost, late or undelivered text messages, notifications or communications. We accept no responsibility for any technical, computer, online, telephone, cable, electronic, software, hardware, transmission, connection, internet, website or other access issue which may hinder your ability to access the SMS services. Nothing in these terms and conditions shall operate to exclude liability for death or personal injury due to negligence or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation or for any statutory liability that cannot be excluded or amended by agreement between the parties. 29. When can I be charged (other than the fees in section 33)? We may charge you for any reasonable costs that we incur in taking action to stop you using your card or account and to recover any assets owed as a result of your activities if you: use your card or account fraudulently; do not use your card or account in accordance with these terms & conditions or the terms and conditions of the Bitpanda GmbH; or have been grossly negligent, for example by failing to keep your card or PIN secure or by failing to notify us without delay after your card is lost, stolen, or used by someone else or where your account has been compromised. In these circumstances, we will not refund transactions and we reserve the right to charge you for any reasonable costs that we incur in taking action to stop you using your account and to recover any assets owed as a result of your activities. If you have not been fraudulent, or grossly negligent, and have used your card and account in accordance with these terms & conditions, your maximum liability for any unauthorised transaction resulting from the use of a lost or stolen card or details before you notify us will be 50 euro. We may also charge you an administration fee if we have to manually intervene to complete a payment or rectify an error on the account caused by an error or omission on your part. 30. Am I permitted to give access to third party providers? You may allow regulated Third Party Providers (“TPPs”) (including Account Information Service Providers (“AISPs”) and Payment Initiation Service Providers (“PISPs”)) access to your online account; either to make payments, obtain account balances or obtain information regarding previous transactions. Before giving consent to a TPP, you should:    a) ensure that the TPP is authorised and holds the correct regulatory permissions; b) check what level of access you are consenting to, how your account will be used and the extent to which your data will be shared with third parties; and    c) familiarise yourself with your obligations and rights under the TPP agreement, in particular, your right to withdraw consent to access your account. We may refuse to allow a TPP access to your account where we are concerned about fraudulent or unauthorised access. We are not party to, or responsible for, any agreements between you and a TPP. Subject to any rights to refund you may have under these terms and conditions, we shall have no liability for:    a) any loss whatsoever, as a result of using a TPP and entering into a TPP agreement; and    b) any actions that the TPP takes in relation to suspending or terminating your use of their service or for any resulting losses. 31. Can I assign my rights or obligations under these terms and conditions? You may not transfer or assign any rights or obligations you may have under these terms & conditions to any other person without our prior written consent. We may assign the benefit and burden of these terms & conditions to any other person at any time, giving you two months prior notice of this. If we do this, your rights will not be affected. 32. Governing law These terms and conditions and all communications will be available and provided for in English. You have the right to request the Lithuanian version of these general terms and conditions at any time and we shall make them available to you on request. These Terms & Conditions will be construed in accordance with laws of the Republic of Lithuania and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Republic of Lithuania. 33. What are the fees and limits? Bitpanda Card Fees For any fees and limits please refer to bitpanda.com/card#fees. Your Visa Bitpanda Card and account is issued by UAB “Finansinės paslaugos „Contis“ who is authorised by the Bank of Lithuania to issue e-money (company code: 304406236) and is a member of Visa. Registered head office is Mėnulio g. 11-101, Vilnius, Lithuania. Please note that Bitpanda Visa Card and account is an electronic money product and although we are supervised by the Bank of Lithuania, it is not covered by the Deposit Insurance System of the Republic of Lithuania. We ensure that any funds received by you are held in a segregated account so that in the unlikely event that UAB Finansinės paslaugos Contis becomes insolvent your funds will be protected against claims made by creditors. Contis - Privacy Policy Contis Financial Services Limited or UAB “Finansinės paslaugos „Contis“ (“we”, “us” or “our”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.  This policy together with our terms and conditions [https://www.bitpanda.com/en/legal#terms-contis] and any other documents referred to in them, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that we collect about you, on www.bitpanda.com (“Website”), on [Bitpanda] (“App”) or when you communicate with us by email, telephone or post will be processed by us. We will be the data controller of your personal data which you provide to us or which is collected by us about you. This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal data about you and that we are required to notify you of the information contained in this policy. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. The terms and conditions of your account will identify which Contis company is the controller of your personal data. We may be provided with this data by a client of ours, Bitpanda GmbH, (“Bitpanda”) who provides the website or app for the purposes of applying for the account and providing some account services. Bitpanda is an independent data controller and will also be acting as a processor of ours. For further information as to the type of personal data, we share with the client and the uses made by them of that data see the data sharing section of this policy below. You should also read the client privacy policy which is available on the website or app. If you have any queries, you can contact us using the details provided at the end of this policy in the “Contacting Us” section. Ensuring the lawful use of your personal data We will only use your personal data where we have a lawful basis to do so. We will usually only use your data: where it is necessary for us to enter into and/or perform a contract with you (for example, to create your account and provide our services to you). in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your interests, rights or freedoms. For example, we might collect technical information about you when you visit our Website or App to improve your experience on our Website or App. Please contact us using the details below if you would like further information about this. to comply with our legal obligations. For example, to pass on details of people who are involved in fraud and to carry out anti-money laundering checks. in certain cases, where you have consented to us using your data, for example, where you subscribe to our email newsletter. Further details of how we will use your personal data are provided below. What information we collect from you and how we use it When you apply to create an account When you apply to create an account on www.bitpanda.com or the app, we will need to collect the following details about you: Name Residential addresses (current and previous) Date of birth Gender Email address Telephone numbers ID document numbers, such as passport, driving licence or ID card. Image or photo of you We will use this information for the purposes of processing your application and, if your application is successful, creating and managing your account and providing any products or services you request to you. If you have given your consent, we will also send our newsletter to you by email. You will not be able to apply to create an account or order products or services from us without providing this information. This information may be provided to us by the client, we will become the data controller of this information once we receive it from them. Fraud and money laundering checks In order to process your application and before we fulfil your order and provide services, goods or financing to you, we will use the information you provided to create your account to undertake checks for the purposes of preventing fraud and money laundering and we may need to verify your identity. This may involve sharing your personal data with fraud prevention agencies. We will continue to carry out these checks on a regular basis while you are a customer of ours. When we and fraud prevention agencies process your personal data, we do so on the basis that we have a legitimate interest in preventing fraud and money laundering, and to verify identity, in order to protect our business and to comply with laws that apply to us. Such processing is also a contractual requirement of the services or financing you have requested. We, and fraud prevention agencies, may also enable law enforcement agencies to access and use your personal data to detect, investigate and prevent crime. Fraud prevention agencies can hold your personal data for different periods of time, and if you are considered to pose a fraud or money laundering risk, your data can be held for up to six years. Automated decisions As part of the processing of your personal data, decisions may be made by automated means. This means we may automatically decide that you pose a fraud or money laundering risk if: our processing reveals your behaviour to be consistent with that of known fraudsters or money launderers; or is inconsistent with your previous submissions; or you appear to have deliberately hidden your true identity. You have rights in relation to automated decision making: if you want to know more please contact us using the details below. Consequences of processing If we, or a fraud prevention agency, determine that you pose a fraud or money laundering risk, we may refuse to provide the services and financing you have requested or we may stop providing existing services to you. A record of any fraud or money laundering risk will be retained by the fraud prevention agencies, and may result in others refusing to provide services, financing or employment to you. If you have any questions about this, please contact us on the details below. Other than the automated processing set out above, we shall not carry out solely automated decision-making using your personal data. When you contact us When you contact us, we will need to collect personal data about you to verify your identity before we disclose any information to you for data security purposes. We will be unable to deal with your query unless you provide the information we request. We may also collect any other personal data you choose to provide to us when communicating with us. We will only use that personal data for the purposes of dealing with your enquiry. How we use data about you, for what purpose and legal basis We use your personal data for various purposes connected with your use of the account and services. We will only do so where we have a lawful basis to do so. We will usually only use your data: where it is necessary for us to enter into and/or perform a contract with you. For example, to create your account and provide payment services to you. in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your interests, rights or freedoms. For example, to improve how we manage and process your payments. to comply with our legal obligations. For example, to pass on details of people who are involved in fraud and to carry out anti-money laundering checks. We use your personal data for the following purposes : to create and manage your account with us; to process payment transactions from and to your account; to carry out the required checks on your identity and monitor your use of your account to check for fraud; to facilitate your use of your account; to communicate with you and provide you with customer support; to share information with our suppliers and other third parties (such as banking institutions, payment facilitators and card operators) where required; and   find out more… The table below sets out further information about the purposes for which we use data about you, along with the corresponding methods of collection and the legal basis that we rely upon for its use. Purpose Lawful basis for processing
Creating and managing your account  to provide and create your account to operate and manage your account to retain your account profile information To fulfil our contractual obligations to you in providing the account and services. Our legitimate interests in operating and improving our services to you. Our legal obligations to comply with regulations that apply to us. Carrying out identification and fraud checks to carry out the required checks on your identity and enable you to use your account and card
To fulfil our contractual obligations to you in providing the account and services correctly. Our legitimate interests in operating and improving our services to you and how we deal with financial crime. Our legal obligations to comply with regulations that apply to us. Facilitating your use of your account and card to facilitate your financial transactions (e.g., payment, refunds, cashback, transfers, etc.) to provide details of your transactions to retain records of your transactions and spending activities To fulfil our contractual obligations to you in providing the account and services. Our legitimate interests in operating and improving our services to you. Our legal obligations to comply with regulations that apply to us. Monitoring your use of the account and card to detect fraudulent behavior to detect and to prevent financial crime to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations to manage risk for us, you and our other users To fulfil our contractual obligations to you in providing the account and services correctly. Our legitimate interests in operating and improving our services to you and how we deal with financial crime. Our legal obligations to comply with regulations that apply to us. Communicating with you and providing you with customer support to investigate your complaint or query to inform you of important information or changes to your terms and conditions
To fulfil our contractual obligations to you in providing the account and services. Our legitimate interests in operating and improving our services to you. Our legal obligations to comply with regulations that apply to us. Sharing data with our suppliers and other third parties (such as banking institutions, payment facilitators, and card operators) where required see the section Disclosures of your information section for more information
To fulfil our contractual obligations to you in providing the account and services. Our legitimate interests in operating and improving our services to you. Our legal obligations to comply with regulations that apply to us. Sharing data with Bitpanda in order for Bitpanda to: administer, manage & provide the Bitpanda app and website, manage their relationship with you and deliver relevant content to you analyse and develop other products and services provide customer support to you regarding the account, card and payments To fulfil our contractual obligations to you in providing the account and services. Our legitimate interests in operating and improving our services to you. Our legal obligations to comply with regulations that apply to us.   The information we receive from other sources We are also working closely with third parties (including for example, identity verification agencies, marketing agencies and fraud prevention agencies) and we may receive information about you from them for the purposes of identity verification, marketing and fraud prevention. Change of purpose We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will usually notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. Disclosures of your information We will disclose your information to: Fraud prevention agencies, identity verification services and other organisations for the purposes of preventing fraud and money laundering. For example, we share your personal data with CIFAS when we carry out our fraud prevention and anti-money laundering checks and if we suspect that you have committed fraudulent activity; Our group companies, for the purposes of processing transactions and providing services relating to your account; Third party service providers and agents, such as IT companies e.g. SherWeb who provide data hosting services; telephony companies e.g. Talkdesk, who provide our telephone systems; payment schemes e.g. Visa who are our card payment provider; card manufacturers e.g. TAG who are one of our approved card manufacturers; auditors e.g. ECSC, who audit our compliance with PCIDSS standards distributors and agents of ours who market and provide services to you for the account and card
in order to allow us to manage our business and to provide our products and services to you. Other third parties, with your consent, who may contact you by email to provide you with information about their products and services which may be of interest to you. For example, People Value, who provide our rewards programme on your account; In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; If Contis Financial Services or UAB “Finansinės paslaugos "Contis“ or substantially all of its respective assets are acquired by a third party, to the acquiring third party; or A third party if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Contis Financial Services Limited, UAB “Finansinės paslaugos "Contis“, our customers or others. Protecting your information Your data is secured by encryption, firewalls and Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.  This is industry standard encryption technology which manages the security of messages transmitted across the internet. When we receive your data, we store it on secure servers which can only be accessed by us. We store your passwords using one way encryption which means we do not know what your password is. Storing your data within and outside the EEA Our third-party data host provider uses servers located in the UK and Europe to store personal data. As a result, when you use the Website or App to make transactions or update your account information, your personal data may be transferred to the UK which is located outside of the European Economic Area and so is not governed by European data protection laws. However, UAB “Finansinės paslaugos "Contis“ has entered into EU standard contractual clauses with any third party or group company in order to safeguard personal data which is processed or stored in the UK. We will take all steps as reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this policy when it is transferred, stored or processed in this way. Whenever fraud prevention agencies transfer your personal data outside of the European Economic Area, they impose the EU standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission on the recipients of that data in order to safeguard personal data when it is accessed from outside of the European Economic Area. They may also require the recipient to subscribe to ‘international frameworks’ intended to enable secure data sharing. More information about the EU Standard Contractual Clauses is available here http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/TXT/?uri=CELEX:32010D0087. Future changes Any changes we make to our policy will be put on our Website and App and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.  Please check for updates from time to time. Retention of your Data We will retain your personal data for as long as you continue to use our services.  Thereafter, we may retain your information for an additional period as is permitted or required under applicable laws. For example: If you hold an account with us, your personal data will be retained for six years after the closure of your account to comply with our obligations under anti-money laundering regulations; If you make a complaint, your personal data relating to that complaint will be retained for five years from the resolution of that complaint to defend against legal claims; and If you make any transactions on your account, your personal data relating to that transaction will be retained for seven years from the date of the transaction to comply with taxation and accountancy legislation. Your rights Data protection laws provide you with the following rights to: request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it; request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected; request the erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below); request the restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal data about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it; and request a copy of your personal data which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transfer it, or to require us to transfer it directly, to another controller. object to the processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights above). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. If you are unhappy about how your personal data has been used please refer to our complaints procedures which is available by contacting us. You also have a right to complain to the supervisory authority, which in the United Kingdom is the Information Commissioner's Office https://ico.org.uk/ and in Lithuania is the State Data Protection Inspectorate https://vdai.lrv.lt/en/, who regulate the processing of personal data. Contacting us If you have any questions about this policy, you can contact us by using the ‘Contact us’ facility on the Bitpanda Website or App or in the following ways: By post at:  Data Protection Officer Contis Navigation House Belmont Wharf Skipton North Yorkshire BD23 1RL By email at: dpo@contis.com General Terms and ConditionsBitpanda Financial Services GmbH
Translation Disclaimer: This document is a translation into English of the original document. This translation is provided solely for the convenience of English-speaking readers and is in no way binding. The German version is the only prevailing and binding version. Neither the Bitpanda Financial Services GmbH nor any other party can be made liable for errors or ambiguities deriving from the English translation.
Chapter one: Scope of application 1. Applicability of the GTC and general 1.1. These general terms and conditions (“GTC”) shall apply exclusively and to all transactions, contracts and business relationships between Bitpanda Financial Services GmbH, FN 551181 k, with its registered office in A-1020 Vienna, Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Strasse 2 (“Financial Services” or the “Financial Services Provider”), and its customers (“the Customer” or “Customers”), in particular for transactions and business relationships with regard to the provision of financial services in return for payment (as defined in section 3 of these GTC) via/on the online or electronic platform bitpanda.com or the mobile applications of Bitpanda and the associated technical interfaces/APIs of said platform or applications (“Bitpanda Systems”). 1.2. Financial Services also offers services in collaboration with third parties, in particular, with the Bitpanda GmbH (“Bitpanda”), which issues financial instruments, among other things (“Product Manufacturer”). The general terms and conditions of such third party providers may apply to services provided by them in addition to the GTC. In particular, reference is made in this context to the application of the Bitpanda GTC as well as to the contractual provisions relating to the Bitpanda products brokered by Financial Services. 1.3. Financial Services only offers services to persons of legal age and contracts are only legally valid with said persons. Furthermore, it is explicitly pointed out that Customers may only use Financial Services on their own behalf. 1.4. The supervisory authority responsible for Financial Services is the Financial Market Authority (FMA), Otto-Wagner-Platz 5, 1090 Vienna. 2. Amendments to the GTC 2.1. Amendments and additions to these GTC, including this clause, may be made by Financial Services at any time and shall take effect at the earlier event of: (i) the acceptance of the amended GTC online by the Customer; (ii) one month after the publication of the amendments or additions to the GTC. 2.2. The Customer is entitled to terminate all contractual relationships with the Financial Services Provider with immediate effect before such changes come into force, without the need to comply with any agreed termination dates or periods and without incurring any costs for such a termination. 2.3. The Financial Services Provider shall notify the Customer of any amendments to the GTC that are intended to introduce new fees or increase existing fees. With this notification, the Financial Services Provider will ask the client to accept the amended fees online within one month. If the client does not agree, all contractual relationships shall be deemed to be terminated upon expiry of the one-month period. 3. Financial services covered The GTC apply to financial services with regard to the acceptance and transmission of orders for financial instruments pursuant to section 1 (3) item a of the Securities Supervision Act 2018 ("WAG"). Chapter two: Objective of the financial services 4. Acceptance and transmission of orders 4.1. When accepting and transmitting orders, Financial Services brings the Customer together with the Product Manufacturer or a trading platform insofar as it forwards the Customer's order for the execution of a certain transaction to the Product Manufacturer or a trading platform. This means that, pursuant to section 1 (3) lit. e WAG, the Financial Services Provider does not provide the Customer with a recommended course of action, as is the case with investment advice, but instead merely the acceptance and transmission of the order. 4.2. Financial Services notes that the Customer's status as a customer only exists after the first acceptance of an order for the execution of a specific transaction to the Product Manufacturer or to a trading platform has been carried out by Financial Services. 4.3. It is emphasised that the financial services provided by Financial Services described under section 4.1. of these GTC refer to financial instruments which are exposed to particular risks in terms of their specific characteristics or the transactions to be carried out or the price of which is subject to fluctuations on the financial market, over which neither Financial Services nor the Product Manufacturer or a trading platform have any influence. Furthermore, it should be noted that returns generated by a product in the past are not an indicator of future returns. 5. Time frame for the provision of financial services 5.1. The legal relationship between Financial Services and the Customer with regard to contractual obligations ends with the conclusion of the acceptance and transmission of the order to the Product Manufacturer or to a trading platform, whereby the Customer has no legal claim to further services after this conclusion. There is no obligation to accept and transmit further orders or to provide other financial services. 5.2. There is the possibility of extraordinary termination for good cause with immediate effect, where such cause exists in particular if a) insolvency proceedings are opened over the assets of a contracting party, or the application for the opening of such proceedings is rejected for a lack of assets to cover the costs, or the conditions for the opening of such proceedings or the rejection of such an application are met and the contracting party ceases to make payments; b) the Customer is in arrears with a payment based on a contractual relationship of more than four weeks compared to the original payment date, even after a written reminder and a grace period of at least two weeks; c) exceptional reasons make such steps necessary, for example, suspicion of criminal offences or risk escalation; d) other material contractual violations have occurred. 5.3. In the case of business customers, section 5.2. a) of these GTC shall apply, provided that the requirements set out in section 25a IO must be observed when the contract is terminated. 6. Advisory services 6.1. Due to professional regulations, Financial Services does not provide information or advice on tax or legal issues that are restricted to tax advisors or lawyers. The Customer is advised to contact their tax advisor or lawyer themselves about the tax or legal consequences of their investment. 6.2. In addition, it is explicitly stated that Financial Services does not provide any other advisory services. The Customer therefore exclusively decides which financial instruments they will acquire themselves. Financial Services merely accepts and transmits the orders to the Product Manufacturer or to a trading platform. Chapter three: Delivery of financial services 7. Retail customer classification 7.1. Financial Services classifies Customers as retail customers, professional clients or eligible counterparties. In doing so, the classification of Customers is intended to provide various safeguards. Financial Services is entitled by law to treat all Customers as retail customers, and Financial Services will do so unless a different classification is requested by the Customer in an individual case. Any classification other than retail customers is subject to internal review and approval by the Financial Services Management. 8. Appropriateness test 8.1. Financial Services is required to obtain Customer information by law in order to assess the appropriateness of Customers' investment decisions. However, this is not mandatory for simple execution transactions (such as the acceptance and transmission of orders initiated by Customers) with regard to non-complex financial instruments. 8.2. With regard to complex financial instruments, Financial Services is required to perform an appropriateness test taking into account the information to be obtained from the Customer. In order to carry out the appropriateness test, the Customer's knowledge and experience in relation to complex financial instruments must be ascertained. If Customers do not provide this information, an equivalent assessment cannot be performed, triggering a warning. Financial Services is legally entitled to rely on the accuracy of the information provided by the client and therefore uses the information provided by the client in the framework of the appropriateness test. 8.3. If the provided information leads Financial Services to determine that the complex financial instruments are not appropriate, Financial Services will warn the Customer accordingly. Financial Services therefore reserves the right not to permit Customers to services that relate to complex financial instruments and are not appropriate. 9. General terms The Financial Services Provider will perform the service honestly, fairly and professionally in the best interest of the Customer and will use its expertise to provide a solution that best meets the Customer's needs. 10. Information gathering by the Financial Services Provider 10.1. Pursuant to the Capital Markets Act 2019 ("KMG"), the Financial Services Provider is not obliged to commission its own expert opinion or to conduct any other review to verify the accuracy and completeness of the prospectus provided by the issuer of the financial instruments, but instead makes use of the prospectus which has been reviewed for completeness and accuracy by an auditor or a credit institution pursuant to KMG or the Investment Funds Act and is therefore not liable for the accuracy and completeness of the prospectus. 10.2. The liability for prospectuses under KMG therefore remains unaffected by this. Thus, pursuant to section 22 (1) item 4 KMG, the party who has accepted the contractual agreement of an investor in their own name or on behalf of a third party and the intermediary of the agreement shall be liable, provided that the person who a claim is made against trades or acts as an intermediary for securities or investments on a professional basis and that they or their associates were aware that the information provided is incorrect or inaccurate as defined by section 22 (1) item 1 KMG or of any checks or were unaware of this as a result of gross negligence. 10.3. The same shall also apply to any respective comparable client information documents, in particular the Key Information Document (KID) pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014). 11. Means of communication 11.1. Orders shall only be placed via the Bitpanda Systems, in particular, the platform www.bitpanda.com. 11.2. The placing of orders by telephone, fax or email is explicitly excluded. 11.3. Other communication between Financial Services and the Customer shall take place via the Bitpanda Systems (support contact form) or via email (support@bitpanda.com). 11.4. The Client agrees that all information and documents, including all relevant contracts and notifications of material changes to documents and contracts and changes to Financial Services' policies, will only be provided electronically and will not be provided as a hard copy. 12. Execution of orders 12.1. Financial Services shall endeavour to immediately accept and transmit the Customer's orders to the Product Manufacturer or to a trading platform, provided that this is possible. This means that Financial Services will do so without delay, at the latest on the subsequent banking day in Austria following the receipt of the order for acceptance and transmission, unless Financial Services immediately notifies the Customer that the execution will not take place or that the order will not be accepted. 12.2. The requirement to execute the order without delay shall not apply if Financial Services is prevented from executing the order due to force majeure or if the Customer's account is not sufficiently funded for any reason whatsoever or if there are other material or legal reasons against any such execution. If it is not possible to carry out the acceptance and transmission of the order(s), Financial Services shall inform the Customer of this as soon as possible. As a rule, this shall be done directly via the Bitpanda Systems. 12.3. In all other circumstances, the Financial Services Provider will process the Customer's orders in accordance with the Financial Services Provider’s execution policy. 13. Liability Financial Services shall not be liable if Customers incorrectly provide information that is relevant for the appropriateness test for the service or generally as part of the business relationship or if any other information was wrongly provided by Financial services, provided that the omission or incorrectness of said information was neither known nor unknown due to gross negligence. Furthermore, neither Bitpanda nor Financial Services shall be liable for the Customer's investment decisions. The Customer is responsible for these decisions and must bear any damages themselves. Chapter four: Rights and obligations of the Customer(s) 14. Obligation to cooperate on the part of the Customer 14.1. In order to perform the acceptance and transmission of orders to the product provider in a thorough and diligent manner, Financial Services requires information in order to verify the appropriateness of the service pursuant to section 57 of the Austrian Securities Supervision Act (WAG). The Customer is obliged to provide Financial Services with this information in a timely manner, in full and without special request and to inform Financial Services of all circumstances that may be relevant for the provision of the services. 14.2. The Customer shall also be obliged to provide the information specified in Annex I of this document to support@bitpanda.com in a timely manner, in full and without special request. 14.3. The Customer shall immediately notify Financial Services of any amendments to their name, company, email address and address. For as long as the Customer does not disclose amendments to their email address or address, declarations from Financial Services shall continue to be sent to the previous email address or address. These declarations shall be deemed to have been received by the Customer if Financial Services was neither aware of an amendment to the email address or address nor where Financial Services was unaware of such an amendment due to gross negligence. 14.4. Any loss or restriction of the Customer's contractual capacity must be disclosed to Financial Services without delay. 14.5. If the Customer is a legal entity, the commencement of dissolution proceedings and the termination of the legal entity shall be disclosed to Financial Services without delay. 14.6. All communication to be made by the Customer to Financial Services shall be made via the Bitpanda Systems (support contact form) or via email (support@bitpanda.com). The submission of the information referred to in Annex I shall be carried out exclusively by email. 15. Obligations of the Customer when placing an order 15.1. The Customer must ensure that their orders are specified as clearly and unambiguously as possible. Unclear and ambiguous specifications shall be at the Customer's expense, unless Financial Services has recognised the lack of clarity or ambiguity or should have recognised it under the circumstances. Any errors on the part of the Customer, in particular typing errors, confusion and incorrect amounts shall also be the responsibility of the Customer. 15.2. When placing an order, the Customer shall take appropriate precautions to avoid errors during transmission or improper use. This also applies to access to the Bitpanda account. The disclosure of accounts, account information or passwords, as well as any shared accounts is prohibited. Bitpanda, as well as Financial Services, do not assume any liability for any damages in such cases. 16. Confidentiality and data protection 16.1. Financial Services shall be obliged to treat confidential information which it becomes aware of as a result of the business relationship with the Customer as confidential and to keep such information secret from third parties. Financial Services employees must also adhere to this obligation. Any handling and disclosure of data shall be subject to the provisions of the applicable data protection regulations. 16.2. The Customer agrees to the automated use of their data pursuant to the relevant provisions of data protection law. This consent may be revoked by the Customer at any time - even without giving reasons. 17. Legally excluded right of withdrawal on the part of the Customer 17.1. Pursuant to section 8 of the Austrian Distance Financial Services Act ("FernFinG"), the Customer, who is a consumer pursuant to the Austrian Consumer Protection Act (Konsumentenschutzgesetz) combined with FernFinG, is generally entitled to withdraw from contracts concluded with regard to financial services within 14 days, with the withdrawal period commencing on the day on which the contract is concluded. Within the withdrawal period, the performance of a contract may only be initiated with the explicit consent of the Customer. 17.2. Pursuant to Section 10 FernFinG, however, there is no right of withdrawal for contracts involving financial services where the price is subject to fluctuations on financial markets which the business owner has no influence over and which may occur within the withdrawal period, including, but not limited to, services in connection with forward financial transactions. Here, cancellation is excluded for Customers in connection with financial services (pursuant to section 4. of these GTC). The Customer is therefore aware that they cannot withdraw from orders placed by them in connection with digital securities, pursuant to FernFinG. Chapter five: Final provisions 18. Severability Should individual conditions within these GTC be or become invalid or unenforceable, this shall not affect the remainder of the contract. 19. Complaints procedures 19.1. When providing investment services, attention is paid to acting professionally in the interests of the Customers. Should complaints arise during the provision of these services, Financial Services will be at the Customer's disposal for assistance in such cases. In the event that disputes arise between Financial Services and the Customer, the Customer can contact Financial Services accordingly via the Bitpanda Systems (support contact form) or by sending a complaint by email (support@bitpanda.com). Financial Services will endeavour to resolve any complaints amicably. If no agreement can be reached, consumers can also turn to the arbitration or ombudsman offices listed below. 19.2. The following organisation has jurisdiction for complaints relating to investment services: Schlichtung für Verbrauchergeschäfte (Mediation for consumer transactions), Mariahilfer Straße 103/1/18, 1060 Vienna, which can be reached via: Tel.: +43 (0)1 890 63 11, office@verbraucherschlichtung.at and also via the website www.verbraucherschlichtung.at. 19.3. In addition, the Ombudsstelle des Fachverbands Finanzdienstleister in der Wirtschaftskammer Österreich (Ombudsman's office of the Professional Association of Financial Services Providers in the Austrian Federal Economic Chamber) can be contacted at fdl.ombudsstelle@wko.at. 20. Compensation scheme 20.1. Pursuant to section 73 (1) WAG, investment firms must be affiliated with a compensation scheme which has a licence covering, among other things, the acceptance and transmission of orders, provided that these activities include one or more financial instruments as their objective. Both of these apply to financial services. 20.2. The Austrian company for the compensation scheme is the Anlegerentschädigung von Wertpapierfirmen GmbH (AeW)(Compensation scheme for securities companies), FN 187473x, Lambrechtgasse 1/10, 1040 Vienna. Financial Services is a member of this investor compensation institution. 20.3. Financial Services shall at no time become a debtor of its customers. Activities of any of the Bitpanda companies including the issuing Bitpanda GmbH are not attributed to Financial Services. Therefore, if customers do not recover funds from one of the Bitpanda companies, there will be no compensation through the statutory investor compensation of investment firms (AeW). This is especially true because the customer does not acquire any securities, but only a claim against Bitpanda, based on which it is intended to participate in the price development of securities. 21. Applicable law choice 21.1. The contractual relationship between Financial Services and the Customer shall be governed by Austrian law. 21.2. If the Customer is a private consumer, the applicable law choice shall not deprive them of the protection afforded by the applicable provisions under the laws of the country in which they have their habitual residence. 22. Forum of jurisdiction 22.1. Where Financial Services takes action against the Customer arising from or in connection with contractual relationships, the court in whose jurisdiction the business premises of Financial Services are located shall have jurisdiction. This shall only apply to consumers pursuant to the Consumer Protection Law (KSchG) if the consumer's permanent address, place of residence or place of employment is located in the jurisdiction of that court. 22.2. Financial Services is entitled to bring any action against Customers who are business owners before an appropriate court. 22.3. Actions by a business owner against Financial Services may only be brought before the court with jurisdiction over the subject matter and in the area where Financial Services' place of business is located. Annex I 1. Obligation to cooperate within the scope of reporting requirements As a regulated investment firm, Financial Services has a duty to report transactions involving financial instruments where the underlying is an instrument traded on a trading platform. The information that must be reported includes a unique national number for natural persons, whereas, in a large number of European countries, the CONCAT ID is approved as an identifier for the fulfilment of regulatory reporting obligations for financial markets. The CONCAT is determined using an individual's citizenship, first name, last name and date of birth. 2. The following countries require the CONCAT ID as a "1st priority identifier": Austria Germany France Hungary Ireland Luxembourg 3. The following countries require a different identification number than the CONCAT ID to be used as the "1st priority identifier". Customers who are citizens of the following countries are asked to send the respective identification number to support@bitpanda.com after registering for the Bitpanda Systems. Belgium
Belgian National Number (Numéro de registre national – Rijksregisternummer) Cyprus
National Passport Number Czech Republic
National Identification Number (Rodné číslo) or Passport Number Denmark
Personal Identity Code (10 alphanumeric digits: DDMMYYXXXX) Finland
Personal Identity Code United Kingdom
UK National Insurance number Greece
10 DSS Digit Investor Share Croatia
Personal Identification Number (OIB - Osobni identifikacijski broj) Iceland
Personal Identity Code (Kennitala) Liechtenstein
National Passport Number or National Identity Card Number Lithuania
Personal code (Asmens kodas) or National Passport Number (Asmens kodas) Latvia
Personal code (Personas Kods) The Netherlands
National Passport Number or National Identity Card Number Norway
11 Digit Personal id (Foedselsnummer) Portugal
Tax Number (Número de Identificacao Fiscal) or National Passport Number Romania
National Identification Number (Cod Numeric Personal) or National Passport Number Sweden
Personal Identity Number Slovenia
Personal Identification Number (EMŠO: Enotna Maticna Stevilka) Slovakia
Personal Number (Rodné číslo) or National Passport Number 4. Customers who are citizens of countries that do not accept the CONCAT ID for regulatory reporting purposes are required to provide the following identification numbers/codes after the appropriateness test has been performed. The use of the services offered by Financial Services is not possible without the provision of the respective identification number. Estonia
Estonian Personal Identification Code (Isikukood) Italy
Fiscal Code (Codice Fiscale) Malta
National Identification Number or National Passport Number Poland
National Identification Number (PESEL) or Tax Number (Numer identyfikacji podatkowej) Spain
Fiscal Code (Código de identificación fiscal) Annex II Execution policy Financial Services' execution policy implements sections 62 to 65 WAG 2018 and the relevant sections of the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565. The execution policy describes the principles of executing client orders to acquire and dispose of the financial instruments offered by Financial Services in the client's best interest. By executing an order, a contract is concluded between the customer and Financial Services. Financial Services is obliged to transmit the order to Bitpanda and the customer is obliged to pay the agreed purchase price for the financial instruments. By agreeing to the GTC, the customer has agreed to Financial Services' execution policy in the respective applicable version. In the event that consent is not granted by the customer, Financial Services cannot accept customer orders from the customer. If consent is revoked, Financial Services will no longer accept purchase orders or will continue to accept termination orders and orders for the closing of open derivative positions and execute them in accordance with the explicit instructions of the client. 1. Precedence of client instructions In principle, it is assumed that the customer's instructions comply with the Financial Services execution policy. However, it is possible for the customer to issue explicit instructions to Financial Services regarding the execution of their order. If this instruction deviates from the execution policy of Financial Services, the customer is explicitly informed of the fact that Financial Services is released from any obligation to comply with the execution policy to the extent of the instruction and thus the attainment of the best possible result for the customer can no longer be ensured. As the client order is executed by Bitpanda, it should be noted that the Bitpanda platform or systems are the only place of execution. Financial Services reserves the right to reject instructions in individual cases or the orders associated with them, in particular if the execution of the client order is not operationally possible. 2. General execution policy Financial Services shall, in the absence of instructions, execute all assignments in accordance with the Execution Policy and shall endeavour to achieve the best possible result for each individual instruction. In order to determine the best possible result, the factors taken into account are in particular the price of the financial instrument, the execution costs, the promptness and probability of execution and settlement, as well as the type and size of the order. The aim of Financial Services is to allow customers to invest in financial instruments while providing the following, currently uncommon, benefits to customers: 1) Fractional shares: This means that the customer is able to make an investment in stocks and market values by means of a derivative without having to purchase them in units of whole stocks or ETFs. Bitpanda customers are used to being able to determine the exact amount of the investment themselves, and will also be able to transfer this principle to selected financial instruments. 2) 24/7 trading: This means that customers can purchase and return the financial instruments at any time. Bitpanda's customers are regularly active in the evening or at weekends. A customer experience is marred if they can place an order but its execution does not take place until the next day. This means that the exact price is unknown and, in the event of a return, the customer's liquidity is bound for longer and they cannot use the liquidity for other investments at the same time. Financial Services would like to offer the customer the possibility to purchase and return the financial instruments at any time. The only exceptions to this are relevant and external events, such as a suspension of the market or similar events, which do not allow a reliable price to be set. 3) Immediate execution of orders: Orders being executed immediately is associated with 24/7 trading; customers should not only be able to purchase and return the financial instruments at any time, but the immediate execution of their orders should also be possible. This means that the customer's liquidity is only bound for as long as they wish. 4) One-stop shop and quick processing: In tandem with the above aspects, the focus of Financial Services is also on user-friendliness and the simplicity of using the services provided. The fact that all payments and dividends are processed via one platform is also an advantage. In this respect, however, a corresponding linked account with a third party (e.g. via a technical interface) would be seen as equivalent. Furthermore, the one-stop shop, i.e. the lack of necessity for further contracts and, therefore, further costs on the part of the customer, should be noted as an advantage. By entering into a business relationship and purchasing through Financial Services, the customer therefore accepts the above items taking precedence over other aspects, such as the best available price or the fact that the customer does not acquire actual stocks/ETFs nor ownership of the stocks/ETFs. Exceptional market conditions, a market disruption or other special circumstances may necessitate an execution that deviates from the Financial Services execution policy. This applies in particular in the event of significant intraday price fluctuations, significant temporary increases in the number of orders to be processed, a computer failure, system bottlenecks or software errors. Even under such circumstances, Financial Services will endeavour to execute orders in the best possible manner. 3. Execution outside normal trading hours In order to ensure that, even outside normal trading hours, orders are executed in the customer's best interests, the last available price of the financial products on the relevant trading day will be maintained by Financial Services until the next possible trading day and guaranteed until the relevant trading venue opens on the next possible trading day after the order is placed. 4. Execution venues Financial Services is not a member of any exchange, regulated market or other regulated trading facility. The only execution venue in relation to the A-Token for Financial Services' services is the Bitpanda systems. 5. Notification of changes to the execution policy If Financial Services makes material changes to the execution policy that has already been outlined, customers will be informed of these changes. Material changes are only defined as those which are relevant to the customer, such as participation in regulated markets or multilateral trading facilities. All customers shall be informed of the changes. In the case of material changes to the execution policy pursuant to Section 64 para. 1 WAG, the customer's consent is not required for the changes to take effect. Bitpanda Financial Services Privacy Policy The current version of this Privacy Policy is: March 2021 1. About this Privacy Policy Financial Services really appreciates the trust you place in us when using our services. For this reason, privacy and data security have an enormously high priority for us. It is very important to us that you feel safe during the usage of our services as well as over the course of all other business transactions with us. As soon as you make use of services of Financial Services, you entrust us with the processing of your personal data. Our approach hereby, is to give you the best possible experience with the usage of our services with the highest data security standards now and in the future. Therefore, in this Privacy Policy, we want to transparently inform you which personal data we collect from you, how we process it and to whom we might forward it in detail. Furthermore, we would like to inform you which precautions we take to protect your personal data, which rights you have in this context and to whom you can turn for data protection concerns. Regarding the terms used in this Privacy Policy, such as “Processing” or “Controller”, we refer to the definitions of the GDPR. This Privacy Policy is drafted in English and German. In case of conflict the English version shall be the binding version. 2. About Financial Services The Bitpanda Financial Services GmbH (hereinafter referred to as "Financial Services" or "we") with its business address at Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria, registered in the commercial register of the Commercial Court of Vienna under FN 551181 k, offers the possibility to place orders through financial instruments by accepting and transmitting them via the website www.bitpanda.com and the mobile application ("Mobile App") (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Website" or "Platform"). Bitpanda Financial Services is a subsidiary of the Bitpanda GmbH and therefore part of the Bitpanda Group (the Group consists of the Bitpanda GmbH and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, the exact definition of the Bitpanda Group can be found in the Privacy Policy of the Bitpanda Group https://www.bitpanda.com/en/legal#terms). 3. Applicability: To whom does this Privacy Policy apply? This Privacy Policy applies to all persons who use services offered by Financial Services or interact otherwise with Financial Services (e.g. business partners, interested parties, service providers, etc.); generally, such persons hereinafter called "Client” or “you”. Note: This privacy policy does not apply to persons residing in the Republic of Turkey. Bitpanda Financial Services does not provide its services in the Republic of Turkey due to the legal requirements of the Republic of Turkey. Bitpanda Financial Services therefore does not process the personal data of persons residing in the Republic of Turkey. Additional services:For data processing in connection with the general usage of the platform www.bitpanda.com and all other services offered there, we refer to the privacy policy of the Bitpanda Group. Financial services For information on data processing regarding the use of payment services offered by the Bitpanda Payments GmbH, we also refer to said Privacy Policy. Cookies: For data processing in connection with cookies and similar technologies, please also check our cookie policy. 4. Financial services: Which financial services does Financial Services offer? Financial Services offers the following services (hereinafter referred to as "financial services"): Acceptance and Transmission of Orders:  When accepting and transmitting orders, Financial Services brings the Customer together with the Product Manufacturer or a trading platform insofar as it forwards the Customer's order for the execution of a certain transaction to the Product Manufacturer or a trading platform.
5. Minors: Are minors allowed to use the services of Financial Services? No, the financial services of Financial Services are not directed to people under the age of 18 years. Only persons of legal age are permitted to use the services of Financial Services. Therefore, we are not knowingly collecting personal data from minors. So, if you are under the age of 18 years, please do not use the services of Financial Services and do not provide any personal data to us. 6. Controller:  Who is responsible for the data processing and who can you contact? Financial Services is controller and/or joint controller in the meaning of Art 4 para 7 GDPR and therefore responsible for the processing of your personal data in connection with payment services offered via the platform. We are aware that both the protection and the careful handling of your personal data are very important. Financial Services will solely use the personal data provided by you in compliance with the applicable data protection requirements, this Privacy Policy and your consent. Additionally, a group-wide uniform data protection strategy in the Bitpanda Group exists. Thus, Bitpanda GmbH, as parent company, acts as a central point of contact and service provider for all data protection issues concerning all services offered via the platform or the Mobile App. If you have any questions in connection with the processing of your personal data and the exercising of your rights under GDPR, you can contact our privacy team: privacy@bitpanda.com Please note that for certain requests, we require further identification data from you (e.g. Passport, ID card, etc), in order to ensure that your personal data is only shared with you. 7. Data categories and sources:  Which personal data do we process and from which sources does the data originate? We process the personal data that we receive from you within the scope of the business relationship and usage of payment services. Furthermore, we might process data we receive within the Bitpanda Group and data we have received from credit agencies, debtor directories, business analysis providers (e.g. CRIF GmbH, KSV 1870 Holding AG, Dow Jones News GmbH, Factiva Limited, Sift Science Inc.) and from publicly accessible sources (e.g. commercial register, register of associations, land register, media, sanctions lists). When using our financial services or interacting with Financial Services, the following personal data might be processed: Contact data: when using payments services or communicating with Financial Services we might process for example: name, address, telephone number, email, date of birth, photo of your Bitpanda account. Verification data: to use our payment services your account has to be verified, therefore we might process for example: screenshots of national identity documents like passport, driving license or ID card and the identification data from these documents, also utility bill details for residence verification and video data from the video authentication process. Financial data: for the performance of payment services we might process for example: bank details (IBAN, BIC), other payment service provider information, security credentials, payment details, transaction-ID and other sensitive payment data. In addition, data relating to the placing of orders for financial instruments (number of units purchased, amount, time of acquisition/termination and similar) will be processed. Log data: during activities when using a payment service, we might process for example: IP-address, transaction data, deposit and withdrawal address, computer or mobile device information, frequency, time, operating system, browser type, device type, unique device identification number, optionally form data, crash reports, performance data. Company details:if you have a business account and you use payment services we might process for example: commercial register report, data of or concerning beneficial owners, records or additional information on recent, past or planned business activities, other data necessary to determine/validate the structure, the beneficial ownership or any power of attorney of the company. Details to and proof of funds: if the proof of funds is necessary, we might process for example: banking statements or any other details provided by banks or financial institutions, contracts of sales or contracts in general, or any other suitable data to prove or determine the origin of funds. Support requests: if you contact our support, we might process for example: data provided in your request to the support team. Recordings of telephone conversations and electronic communication: Pursuant to section 33 of the Austrian Securities Supervision Act (WAG), Financial Services is required to keep recordings of telephone calls and electronic communications at least in relation to transactions carried out in trading for its own account and the provision of services relating to the acceptance, transmission and execution of client orders. We will inform you of this in advance. It should be noted that orders are only accepted via the platform and not via telephone or email.
8. Purpose and legal basis for using personal data:  For which purposes and on what legal basis do we process your personal data? All processing is performed in accordance with the GDPR, the Austrian Data Protection Act (DSG) and the Austrian Payment Service Provider Act (ZaDiG 2018). Generally, we process your personal data based on at least one of the legal bases listed below. Regarding the performance of payment services, we will process your personal data only with your explicit consent or if we are contractually obliged to do so towards you. If we ask you to provide any personal data not described in point 8, then such data and the purpose and legal basis for the collection and processing, will be communicated to the Client at the point of collecting the personal data. 8.1. For the performance of contractual obligations (Art 6 para 1 lit b GDPR): Processing of personal data might be necessary for the performance of the contract with you or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. The following data processing operations, for example, are covered by such contractual obligations: performance of our payment services, all tasks necessary for the operation and administration of Financial Services; account management (e.g. continuous updating of Client data);  execution of your payment requests (e.g. payment processing, chargebacks, proof of purchase and selling); client service and support requests (e.g. contacting because of complications, Zendesk); video authentication process if you register for an account on our website (validation of identity); analysis and improvement of the platform's quality and the general user experience (e.g. performance tracking on the platform);
8.2. For compliance with legal obligations (Art 6 para 1 lit c GDPR): Processing of personal data might also be necessary for complying with various legal obligations (e.g. FM-GWG, ZaDiG 2018, BAO, UStG etc.). The following data processing operations, for example, are covered by such legal obligations: contract management, accounting and invoicing; compliance and risk management; Know-Your-Customer measures; monitoring for prevention of fraud, misuse (e.g. for illegal purposes), money laundering and terrorist financing; providing information to fiscal criminal authorities in the context of fiscal criminal proceedings or to prosecution in accordance with official orders; consultation of credit agencies to determine creditworthiness and default risks; recordings of telephone conversations and electronic communication.
8.3. To protect legitimate interests (Art 6 para 1 lit f GDPR): Where necessary, data processing might take place beyond the performance of the contract in order to maintain the legitimate interests of Financial Services or a third party. The following data processing operations are covered by such a legitimate interest: prevention of fraud, misuse (e.g. for illegal purposes), money laundering and terrorist financing; risk management and risk minimisation e.g. through enquiries to credit agencies, debtor directories or providers of business analysis; identification and examination of potentially defective or suspicious business cases and accesses to our websites (e.g. website analysis via Sift Science); data transmission within the Bitpanda Group for internal administrative purposes (no sensitive payment data will be transmitted!); account management and handling general client requests and inquiries; measures for protecting our clients and partners, as well as safeguarding network and information security; also including measures from external data centres and service providers; processing inquiries from authorities, lawyers, collection agencies in the course of legal prosecution and enforcement of legal claims in the context of legal proceedings; market research, business management and continuing development of services and products; direct marketing and advertising (e.g. performance of marketing strategies, targeting of Clients, dispatch of vouchers, advertisement from Financial Services);
8.4. Based on your consent (Art 6 para 1 lit a GDPR): If you have given us your consent to process your personal data, processing will only take place in accordance with the defined purposes and to the extent agreed in the declaration of consent. Consent given may be withdrawn at any time without giving reasons and with future effect, if you no longer agree to the processing. Please note that the withdrawal of the consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. 9. Recipients of personal data: Who receives your personal data? The protection and confidentiality of your personal data is important to Financial Services. Therefore, we transfer your personal data only to the extent described below or within the scope of an instruction at the time the data is collected from you. In addition, personal data that we collect concerning you will neither be sold by us nor otherwise disclosed to third parties. 9.1. Data transfer within the Bitpanda Group: As part of the Bitpanda Group we might transmit data to a limited extent within the Bitpanda Group. This happens for internal administrative purposes to conduct internal administrative activities efficiently in a shared way or if a company of Bitpanda Group acts as service provider (processor) for Financial Services. In all these cases only those offices or employees will receive your personal data who need it to fulfil the contractual and legal obligations and legitimate interests. However, no sensitive payment data will be transmitted within the Bitpanda Group. If a company acts as a service provider for Financial Services, we contractually oblige this company to ensure the confidentiality and security of your personal data that they process on our behalf. 9.2. Data transfer to processors: To a limited extent, we also transmit personal information to processors who perform services for us such as video authentication services (e.g. IDnow GmbH, youniqx Identity AG, Onfido Limited), IT services (Amazon Web Services Inc.), Client support (Zendesk Inc.), performance of contracts, account management, accounting, invoicing, and examination of defective or suspicious business cases (Sift Science Inc). Processors may only use or disclose this data to the extent necessary to perform services for us or to comply with legal rules. We contractually oblige these processors to ensure the confidentiality and security of your personal data that they process on our behalf. 9.3. Data transfer to public bodies and institutions: We might also transfer your personal data (i) if we are required to do so by law or in the context of legal proceedings, (ii) if we believe that disclosure is necessary to prevent damages or financial loss, or (iii) in connection with an investigation into suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activities. 9.4. Data transfer to other third parties: If Financial Services acts together with other parties as joint controller (e.g. processing data for jointly determined purposes within the Bitpanda Group), we provide those parties with personal data if applicable and based on at least one of the legal bases listed above under Point 8. In case of a joint controllership, we transmit your personal data only based on a sufficient agreement with our partners (Art 26 GDPR).
Other third parties: Financial Services might transfer your personal data to any other person with your consent to the disclosure or the purpose of performing a contract or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract. Financial Services may disclose your personal data to other third parties with your consent to disclosure or for the purpose of fulfilling the contract or at the Customer's request even before the contract is concluded. Any such transfer of data shall take place in particular for the processing of financial services with regard to banks or other payment service providers, as well as with regard to the Bitpanda GmbH, provided that said disclosure is necessary for the implementation of orders. 10. International data transfer: Is data transferred to third countries or international organisations? Your personal data may be accessed by staff or suppliers in, transferred to, and/or stored at, a destination outside the country in which you are located, whose data protection laws might be of a lower standard than those in the European Union. However, Financial Services will in all circumstances safeguard personal data as set out in this Privacy Policy. If we process personal data in a third country (outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area [EEA]) or if this occurs in the context of the use of third-party services or disclosure and/or transfer of personal data to third parties, we shall only transfer personal data to the performance of our (pre)contractual obligations, based on your consent, a legal obligation or our legitimate interests. Subject to legal or contractual authorisations, we process or have personal data processed in a third country only where the conditions of Art 44 et seq GDPR are met. This means, for example, that processing and transferring is carried out based on special safeguards, such as the officially recognised setting of adequate level of data protection corresponding to the EU (e.g. for the USA by the EU/US Privacy Shield) or compliance with officially recognised special contractual obligations (known as “Standard Contractual Clauses”) issued by the European Commission pursuant to the review procedure under Article 93 (2). Please contact privacy@bitpanda.com if you need further information regarding the international data transfer or if you would like to see a copy of the specific safeguards applied to the export of your personal data. 11. Retention and deletion periods: For how long is my personal data processed (stored) and when will it be deleted? We retain your personal data, as far as necessary, for the duration of the entire business relationship (from initiation through performance to termination of a contract), and in principal 1 year after termination of the business relationship. Beyond this we retain your data only for a longer period, in accordance with statutory retention and documentation obligations, to defend legal claims or with your explicit consent. The retention period is thus determined by the statutory retention periods or limitation periods. In accordance with the Austrian Enterprise Code (UGB) and the Federal Tax Code (BAO) 7 years, in accordance with the Financial Market Money Laundering Act (FM-GWG) and the Payment Service Provider Act (ZaDiG 2018) 5 years, in accordance with the Equal Treatment Act (GIBG) half a year and in certain cases between 3 and 30 years according to the Austrian General Civil Code (ABGB) e.g. if data are required as evidence for legal disputes or for as long as there are other legitimate interests in retention. Unless expressly stated in this Privacy Policy, personal data processed by us shall be erased as soon as they are no longer required for their intended purpose and the erasure does not conflict with any statutory retention obligations. 12. Data subject rights: What rights and options under GDPR do I have? Right of access:  You have the right to request confirmation from us as to whether we are processing personal data concerning you. Where personal data concerning you is being processed, you have the right, to receive information from us within a reasonable time regarding the personal data stored about you and to receive a copy of the personal data concerning you which is undergoing processing. Please use this link if you are logged into your account to submit such a data access request.  Right to rectification: You shall have the right to request the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you. Considering the purposes of the processing, you shall also have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement. Right to erasure: You shall have the right to request from the erasure of personal data concerning you from Financial Services, where one of the following grounds applies and if no further processing is required: the personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was co you withdraw your consent on which the processing was based and where there is no other legal basis or overriding legitimate interest for the processing; the personal data has been unlawfully processed; or erasure of the personal data is required for compliance with a legal obligation under European Union or Member State law to which the Controller is subject.
Requests for the erasure of personal data must include the respective ground (Art 17 para 1 GDPR). Right to restriction of processing: You shall have the right to request the restriction of processing from us where one of the following conditions applies: you contest the accuracy of the personal data (the restriction shall be put in place for a period which enables Financial Services to verify the accuracy of the personal data); the processing of your personal data was unlawful, and you oppose the erasure of your personal data and request instead the restriction of their use; Financial Services no longer requires your personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you require them for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims; or You have objected to processing of your personal data and it has not yet been determined whether the legitimate grounds of Bitpanda override your own.
Right to data portability: You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you which you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You shall also have the right to request that we transfer this data directly to another controller, designated by you, where this is technically feasible and does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. The right to data portability may only be exercised where the basis of the processing is either your consent or a (pre)contractual necessity, and where the processing is carried out by automated means. The right to data portability does not apply to processing which is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller. Right to object: You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time if the processing is based on our legitimate interests. If you have objected to processing, we shall no longer process your personal data, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or unless the processing is for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims. The objection does not affect the lawfulness of processing your personal data based on legitimate interests before your withdrawal. Contact: To exercise one of the above-mentioned rights you can send an email to privacy@bitpanda.com or a letter to Bitpanda Financial Services GmbH, Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria. Please note that for such requests we require further identification data from you (e.g. passport, ID card, etc), in order to ensure that your personal data is only shared with you. 13. Objection Advertisement: How can I object to the processing of my data for advertising purposes? You can also object to any use of your personal data for advertising purposes. Please contact us via email privacy@bitpanda.com if you want to generally object to the processing of your data for advertising purposes. The objection does not affect the lawfulness of processing your personal data based on legitimate interests before your withdrawal. Please keep in mind, however, that such an objection will only be made to the Bitpanda Group and that even after such an objection you might still receive advertising about Bitpanda from other providers on other websites over which we have no control. 14. Automated decision-making: Does Financial Services use my personal data for automated decision-making including profiling? Financial Services does not use personal data for automated decision-making including profiling within the meaning of Art 22 GDPR (e.g. decisions producing legal effects concerning data subjects, or otherwise significantly affecting them, based solely on automated processing of personal data, including profiling). 15. Processing for other purposes: Is my personal data processed for purposes other than those for which the personal data was collected? As a general principle of Financial Services, we only process personal data for the purposes for which they were collected. In exceptional cases, however, we might process your personal data which we have collected for one specific purpose for another purpose. In this case, we will inform you before the intended processing about this purpose, the period for which your personal data will be stored, the exercise of data subject rights, the option to withdraw consent, the existence of the right to file a complaint with the data protection authority, whether provision of the data was necessary on legal or contractual grounds and what the consequences would be if it were not provided, and whether automated decision-making or profiling is carried out. 16. Supervisory authority: With which supervisory authority can I file a complaint? You have the right to file a complaint to the competent supervisory authority, if you think your rights have been violated under the GDPR. In Austria, this is the Data Protection Authority (Datenschutzbehörde). 17. Declaration of consent: How do I give my consent and how can I withdraw my consent? By checking the respective box as a part of the registration process or in case of an update after the login into your Bitpanda account or when requesting a service of Financial Services, you expressly confirm that you have read the Privacy Policy and that you agree to the data processing as described therein. You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time to the Bitpanda Financial Services GmbH, Campus 2, Jakov-Lind-Straße 2, 1020 Vienna, Austria, or via email to privacy@bitpanda.com. Please keep in mind that we might not be able to provide all our services to you anymore, if you withdraw your consent. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing your personal data based on consent before your withdrawal. 18. Data Security: How is my personal data protected? The security of data is very important to Financial Services and we are committed to protecting data we collect. We maintain comprehensive administrative, technical and physical measures designed to protect your personal data against accidental, unlawful or unauthorised destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. These measures meet the highest international safety standards and are regularly reviewed regarding their effectiveness and suitability for achieving the intended safety objectives. We have implemented the following technical and organisational measures for example: SSL encryption on our websites from which we transfer personal data; two-factor authentication (2FA) for our platform;  ensuring the confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of our systems and services; use of encrypted systems; pseudonymisation and anonymisation of personal data; entry, access and transfer control for our offices and systems; measures for rapid recoverability of the availability of personal data in the event of a physical or technical incident; measures for privacy by design and default on our platform like e.g. prevention of user enumeration; implementation of procedures for regular review, assessment and evaluation of the effectiveness of the technical and organisational measure to ensure the security of the processing like e.g. our bug bounty programme; internal IT security guidelines and IT security trainings;  incident-response management.
Please also make sure that you use the two-factor authentication (2FA) for your Bitpanda account, keep your access data confidential and protect your computer against unauthorised access. 19. Updates to this Privacy Policy: How will I find out about changes to this Privacy Policy? We, Financial Services, are committed to keeping the principles of data protection up to date. For this reason, we regularly review and update our Privacy Policy. This is to ensure that it is correctly and clearly displayed on our website, contains appropriate information about your rights and our processing activities (also with regard to technical changes or business development) and is implemented in accordance with applicable law, thus complying with data protection requirements. We update this Privacy Policy from time to time when required, in order to take current circumstances into account. If we make significant changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you after you have logged in to your account and provide you with the updated version of the Privacy Policy. If it is required by applicable law, Financial Services will obtain your express consent to significant changes. 20. How to contact us? Thank you for reading our Privacy Policy! If you have any further questions about this Privacy Policy or the processing of your personal data, please contact our privacy team: privacy@bitpanda.com
Bitpanda GmbH ve grup şirketleri (Bitpanda) Türk Parasının Kıymetini’nin Korunması Hakkında 32 sayılı Karar’ın 2/b maddesine göre Türkiye’de yerleşik sayılan hiçbir kişiye yönelik olarak 6362 sayılı Sermaye Piyasası Kanunu başta olmak üzere Türkiye Cumhuriyeti Devleti mevzuatı hükümleri gereği Türkiye’de faaliyet izni gerektiren hiçbir sermaye piyasası faaliyetine dair hizmet sunmamaktadır. Şayet Bitpanda’nın yabancı sermaye piyasalarında vermiş olduğu hizmetlerden Türkiye’de yerleşik kişilerin faydalandığı tespit edilecek olursa tüm zararları kullanıcıya ait olmak üzere bu hizmetler ivedilikle sona erdirilecektir.
Invest
Cryptocurrencies Crypto Indices Stocks ETFs Metals
Earn
BEST Rewards Tell-a-Friend Affiliate program
Learn
Academy Maker and taker fees 6 questions about Bitcoin
Buy my first digital assets What are NFTs
Features
Payments Savings plan Swap Plus
Products
Card Bitpanda To Go BEST Pantos App
Bitpanda Pro
Home Markets Fees Pro API Institutions & Partners
White Label
Home How it works Asset offering Use cases Get the app
English
English Deutsch Français Türkçe Español Italiano Polski
About us Career Press Blog Help
Legal notice Privacy policy Terms & conditions Bug bounty Cookie settings
© 2021 Bitpanda GmbH
We use cookies to optimise our services. Learn more The information we collect is used by us as part of our EU-wide activities. Cookie settings Cookie Settings
Essential cookies
As the name would suggest, some cookies on our website are essential. They are necessary to remember your settings when using Bitpanda, (such as privacy or language settings), to protect the platform from attacks, or simply to stay logged in after you originally log in. You have the option to refuse, block or delete them, but this will significantly affect your experience using the website and not all our services will be available to you.
Performance cookies
We use such cookies and similar technologies to collect information as users browse our website to help us better understand how it is used and then improve our services accordingly. It also helps us measure the overall performance of our website. We receive the date that this generates on an aggregated and anonymous basis. Blocking these cookies and tools does not affect the way our services work, but it does make it much harder for us to improve your experience.
Advertisement cookies
These cookies are used to provide you with adverts relevant to Bitpanda. The tools for this are usually provided by third parties. With the help of these cookies and such third parties, we can ensure for example, that you don’t see the same ad more than once and that the advertisements are tailored to your interests. We can also use these technologies to measure the success of our marketing campaigns. Blocking these cookies and similar technologies does not generally affect the way our services work. Please note, however, that while you’ll still see advertisements about Bitpanda on websites, the adverts will no longer be personalised for you.
Save
Accept