Privacy notices | BMI Healthcare
Skip to main content
Fast track your treatment
0808 101 0337
Book an appointment online
Chat with us
Treatments
Hospitals
Consultants
Patient information
Menu
Accessing private healthcare
Benefits of paying for yourself
Your BMI experience
Pay my bill
Careers
Contact us
Home
Privacy notices
Privacy notices
BMI Healthcare is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. These privacy notices tells you what to expect when we collect personal information.
Privacy information
BMI Healthcare takes its responsibilities under data protection legislation, including GDPR, seriously. As part of this, BMI Healthcare has developed a series of Privacy Notices for different groups of individuals detailing what information we collect and hold about them, how that information may be used and individuals' legal rights.
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic BMI Healthcare's Corporate Head Office is closed as staff are working from home and maintaining social distancing. Collection of postal correspondence has been arranged but, this may slow our ability to respond as a result of the redirection process.
All queries relating to Data Protection, including Subject Access Requests should be directed to: [email protected]
Please click on the links below to access these Privacy Notices. These are reviewed on a periodic basis, and we therefore advise you to check back on a regular basis to view the latest version.
COVID-19 data protection statement
We explain how we collate and use your information in responding to the COVID-19 pandemic. Read more…
Visitors to our Website
We explain how we collate and use your information, as well as your legal rights. Read more…
Consultants
Privacy information specific to our consultants. Read more…
Job applicants
Learn how we process your data if you apply for a job with us. Read more…
Patients and health assessment clients
Find out how BMI Healthcare will collect and use your information, as well as your legal rights. Read more…
Children
Find out how BMI Healthcare will collect and use information about children. Read more…
Staff
Find out how BMI Healthcare will collect and use your information, as well as your legal rights. Read more…
Cookie policy
Find out what types of cookies BMI Healthcare will collect and use. Read more…
Terms and conditions - private patients
Find out about BMI Healthcare Terms & Conditions for private patients. Read more…
Online booking terms and conditions
Find out more about the terms and conditions of online booking. Read more…
Terms of use
By using the Website, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Read more…
Website issues
If you wish to report issues with our website please do so here.
Fraud - Please be aware
It has come to our attention that some websites and companies are claiming to offer employment on behalf of BMI Healthcare, for more information click here.
Fast track your treatment
Book online
With Britain's largest network of private hospitals, fast access to treatment is closer than you think
Find out more
Call us
Call 0808 101 0337 to speak to one of our advisers today
Find out more
Live chat
Instantly connect with one of our advisers
Ways to pay
Pay for yourself
Pay for yourself with our fixed price packages. This includes your pre-assessment, treatment, follow-ups and six months of aftercare.
Find out more
Pay with health insurance
We are widely recognised by health insurers. Ask your insurer about your cover and for an insurer pre-authorisation code.
Find out more
Spread the cost
Pay for yourself with monthly repayments spread over 12 months, interest-free (terms and conditions apply)
Find out more
General Enquiries
About BMI Healthcare
Contact us
Management team
Pay my bill
Press
Accessibility
FAQs
Terms and conditions
Privacy notices
Cookie policy
Advice about Coronavirus
Services for employers
International patients
Site map
© BMI Healthcare 2021
Click for assistance
i