Privacy Policy | The Caravan Club
Skip to Navigation
Skip to Content
Skip to Footer
Search
Menu
Log in or register
Club shop
News and events
Classifieds
FAQs
Search
Join now
close
Home
Log in or register
Membership
Become a member
Join now
Renew your membership
Recommend a friend
Getting the most out of your membership
Club members' area
Member offers
Great Savings Guide
Club shop
Membership from home
Stay up to date
Club Together forum
Club magazine
Competitions
News and events
Blog
Caravan Cover
Caravan Cover
Get a quote
Caravan Cover benefits
Continue your Caravan Cover
Documents and claim guidance
Insurance
Motorhome insurance
Get a quote
Motorhome insurance benefits
Renew your motorhome insurance
Car insurance
Get a quote
Car insurance benefits
Renew your car insurance
Campervan insurance
Get a quote
Campervan insurance benefits
Breakdown and recovery
Breakdown cover options
Other insurance
Home insurance
Motorcycle insurance
Overseas holiday insurance
Get a quote
Types of cover
Advice
Insurance FAQs
UK holidays
Search and book
Book a Club site
Book a Certificated Location
Find late availability
Book a camping pitch
Open all year sites
Search by map
UK sites
Book with confidence
Club sites
Certificated Locations
Affiliated sites
Pop-up campsites
Glamping holidays
Tent camping
Holiday cottages
Storage facilities
Seasonal pitches
Planning your route
UK route planner
Holiday ideas
Family holidays
Cycling holidays
Walking holidays
Holidays in Scotland
Holidays in Wales
See more holiday types
Useful information
Special offers
50% off midweek
Kids go FREE
Dogs go FREE
Sites from £16
Save 10% on glamping
Save on economy pitches
Overseas holidays
Search and book
Book an overseas campsite
Book a ferry
Book Eurotunnel Le Shuttle
Overseas Site Night Vouchers
Book with confidence
Explore European campsites
Book a tour
European tours
Worldwide tours
Special offers
Worldwide tours offers
Ferry offers
Price Match Guarantee
Overseas holiday insurance
Get a quote
Types of cover
Advice
Holiday ideas
Summer holidays
Winter holidays
Brochures & guides
Useful information
European travel updates
Worldwide travel updates
Travelling in Europe after Brexit
ABTA and ATOL protected
First time abroad
Driving tips
Insurance & documents
Electricity & gas
Caravan storage
Taking your pet
Planning your route
Speed limits
Ferry information
Motorway tolls & vignettes
Offers
Club shop
Member offers
Great Savings Guide
Competitions
UK offers
50% off midweek
Kids go FREE
Dogs go FREE
Sites from £16
Save on economy pitches
Overseas offers
Site offers
Ferry offers
Camping Key Europe
Advice & training
Advice for beginners
Caravans
Motorhomes
Campervans
Camping
Driving licences
Caravan and motorhome inspectors
Training courses
Caravanning courses
Motorhome courses
Technical advice
Noseweights
Towbar wiring
Choosing the right towbar
Rear-view mirrors and caravans
Choosing a caravan awning
Breakaway cables
Cycle carriers
Batteries
12-volt wiring
Caravan stabilisers
Caravanning with disabilities
Caravans and fridges
Caravans and toilets
Liquefied petroleum gas
Microwaves
Portable mains generators
Televisions
How caravan electrics work
Guide to buying and hiring a vehicle
Buying a car, caravan or motorhome
Try before you buy hire
Hiring a car, caravan or motorhome
Match your car and caravan
Taking care of your outfit
Theftcheck
Servicing and repairs
Caravan tyres and wheels
Caravan security
Caravan & motorhome storage
Storage advice & tips
Club Together
My profile
Our guide to Club Together
Discussions
Community guidelines
Your stories
Where to start
Club shop
News and events
Classifieds
FAQs
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. Information about us
The Caravan Club Limited, trading as the Caravan and Motorhome Club (the Club), is the owner and operator of www.camc.com (our website) and any applications and/or digital channels provided by us for the purpose of accessing our website, digital magazine, mobile application or other services (our apps and digital channels) (together our digital services). We are a company limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales under company number 646027. Our registered company address is: The Caravan Club, East Grinstead House, East Grinstead, West Sussex RH19 1UA. Our VAT number is 239719331.
2. Contact us
If you would like any information about the Caravan and Motorhome Club and its activities you can contact us by telephone on 01342 326944 or email enquiries@camc.com. You can also write to the Caravan and Motorhome Club at East Grinstead House, East Grinstead, West Sussex RH19 1UA. If you have any queries relating to this Privacy Policy, our Use of Cookies policy or Terms of Use, please contact the Data Protection Officer by letter at the address above or email DPO@camc.com.
A comprehensive list of contact telephone numbers and email addresses can be found on our website on our Contact us page.
Thank you for using our digital services.
3. Privacy Policy
3.1. Our policy
The Caravan and Motorhome Club (We) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our policy and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting our digital services you are accepting and agreeing to the practices described in this policy.
For the purpose of compliance with UK data protection law, the data controller is The Caravan Club Limited and the Data Protection Officer is our nominated person for data protection.
3.2. How do we collect information?
Your personal data, that is any information which identifies you, or which can be identified as relating to you personally, for example, and not limited to: name, address, phone number, email address, will be collected and used by us.
We obtain personal information from you when you enquire about our activities, register with us, become a member or renew membership, send or receive email, make a donation of memorabilia to us, purchase products, ask a question or otherwise provide us with personal information. We may also receive information about you from third parties, for example, our service providers or from a friend who wants to tell you about our digital services.
We collect personal data in connection with specific activities such as: membership, placing an order, booking holidays, volunteering and conducting research.
Examples of ways that you may share your personal data with us are by:
completing electronic and paper forms
registering to use our website
participating in discussion boards
subscribing to take part in research on our website or other social media functions on our website
entering a competition, promotion or survey
corresponding with us by phone, email, social media or letter
joining as a member
buying services from us, e.g. insurance or stays at our sites
applying to become a volunteer
utilising our webchat service
responding to an SMS message
providing information to the Club as part of the ‘Recommend A Friend’ scheme
The Club will inform you at the point of collection what the purpose of the data processing is and provide you with the relevant information to access this Privacy Policy.
Children aged under 18 may be included on family memberships by the lead member and we collect names and dates of birth for certain travel bookings. We don’t include children in our marketing communications but our magazine and website may sometimes include competitions that a young person may enter with the consent of a parent or guardian.
3.3. What information do we collect?
The personal information we collect will depend on the nature of the data processing requirement. For example, it might include name, date of birth, email address, postal address, telephone number and bank account details, details of services we provide to you such as site bookings, information about your interests, and material that you submit to us for publication. Although we may take credit/debit card information to complete a transaction, we do not store this information.
If you apply for or purchase an insurance policy from us we will collect information about your risk factors relating to the policy, your claims history, information about the person, pet, items, or holiday or other items that the policy covers, the details of any claims you make on the policy and the circumstances surrounding the claim.
If you are a volunteer then we may collect extra information about you, e.g. references, criminal record checks, details of emergency contacts or medical conditions.
Certain personal information is categorised by UK data protection law as ‘special category data’. In some situations we process special category data about you, for example information about your health.
Should you choose to communicate with us using our online webchat facility, certain information will be collected by the webchat service provider in order to provide technical support.
We also gather general information about the use of our digital services, such as which website pages users’ visit most often and which services, events or facilities are of most interest. We may also track the pages users visit when they click on links in emails and we may use this information to personalise the way our digital services are presented when users visit them, to make improvements to our digital services and to ensure we provide the best service for users. Wherever possible we use aggregated or anonymous information which does not identify individual visitors to our digital services. For more information on this, please see our use of cookies policy.
3.4. How do we use this information?
Depending on your relationship with us, we will use your personal information for the following purposes:
to provide you with the services, products or information you have requested
to administer your membership and/or account
to provide information to you about us and the membership benefits provided by us and third parties
to provide online technical support should you encounter a problem with our digital services
for investigation purposes if there is a suspected misuse of our digital services
to enable you to transact within certain areas of our digital services and perform activities such as make site bookings or complete enquiry forms
for general administration purposes, such as handling your enquiries and managing purchases of products and services
to carry out research into the market for our goods and services
to share with our trusted partners in order for them to offer you relevant goods and services directly
to share with sponsors of prize competitions you may enter, so they can tell you about their products and services
to guide and support the general objectives of the Caravan and Motorhome Club
to comply with statutory and regulatory compliance
to further our charitable activities, including fundraising
to assess insurance risk and to prevent and detect fraud
As part of this, we may analyse the personal information we collect to create a profile of your interests and preferences so that we can contact you in the most appropriate way and with the most relevant information. Where relevant, we may also assess your personal information for the purposes of fraud and credit risk reduction.
If you enter your contact details in one of our online registration forms, we may use this information to contact you even if you do not "send" or "submit" the form. We will only do this to see if we can help with any problems you might be experiencing with the form or with our digital services.
We may need to share your information with our service providers, associated organisations and agents for the purposes described above but we never sell your information to other organisations.
3.5. Cookies
Our digital services use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our digital services. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our digital services and also allows us to improve our digital services. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our use of cookies  policy.
3.6. Processing your personal data for analytics
We know it is important to our website visitors to provide the best, tailored service possible. To help us do this, we use automated profiling and targeting to understand our members’ requirements and make sure that:
our communications (e.g. emails) and services (e.g. our website) are relevant, personalised and interesting to you, and
our services meet the needs of our members
To do this we’ll analyse how you interact with us on our website and other websites you may visit through use of data from site bookings and use both geographic and demographic information to let you know what’s happening in your local area, nationwide and overseas and better understand your interests. We use specific tools, such as Google Analytics and Double Click for Advertisers, to look at how you interact with us online. Much of the information we collect is aggregated, however we may also collect some personal data for the use of personalising your experience, optimising our marketing campaigns, and to ensure the website site is functioning as intended.
3.7. How we use personal data to conduct research
We carry out research to generate feedback on your experiences with us. We use this feedback to improve the experiences that we offer and ensure we know what is relevant and interesting to you. If you choose to take part in research, we’ll tell you when you start what data we will collect, why and how we’ll use it. All the research we conduct is optional and you can choose not to take part. We may share your personal data, e.g. contact information, to a third party data processor who will carry out research on our behalf, but only for the purpose explained here.
3.8. How do we protect your personal information?
All pages within our website are protected by encryption and we also use secure third party payments services when you make a payment via our digital services. We take appropriate measures to safeguard personal information that is disclosed to us and keep it secure, accurate and up to date. We utilise established market leading services for many of our processing activities which are compliant with stringent privacy and security standards based on industry best practices.
3.9. How do we store your information and do we send it outside the European Economic Area?
Club operations are based in the UK and we store most of our data on secure cloud based services. Some organisations which provide services to us may transfer data outside the European Economic Area but we’ll only allow this if your data is adequately protected.
To protect your data when it is transferred outside the European Economic Area we will either:
put in place contract clauses approved by the European Commission or the relevant data protection regulator to protect your data;
ensure that the country that the data is transferred to has been approved as adequate for data protection by the European Commission; or
ensure that one of the other safeguards set out in the relevant data protection laws is in place.
Sometimes is may be necessary for us to transfer data out of the European Economic Area without us being able to put these safeguards in place. We will only do this where the law permits, for instance if the transfer is necessary to perform a contract with you.
3.10. Will we disclose the information we collect to third parties?
As indicated above, we may pass your information to our service providers, agents and associated organisations for the purposes explained above.
We share information with other data controllers and Club instructed data processors. Categories of recipients normally include:
affiliated sites
certificated locations
insurance underwriters
insurance administrators
overseas travel and ferry companies
social media hosting services
webchat service providers
trusted partners
competition sponsors
communication distribution and marketing companies
third party retail suppliers
financial transaction providers
infrastructure service providers
contractors working for the Club in an operational capacity
cloud service providers
data storage, redaction and destruction partners
subcontractors we appoint to provide services to you, for example breakdown recovery mechanics if you buy breakdown recovery services from us
We may also need to disclose your information if required by law, for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies, or if we have your permission to do so.
We will not sell any personal data or your web browsing activity to a third party.
3.11. Links to other websites
Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we don’t accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to the personal data collected by the Club.
3.12. What is the lawful basis for processing personal data at the Club?
Collecting, processing and using personal data is permitted only under a lawful basis.  The lawful bases that the Club operates under are listed below, along with the data processing activities that fall under them.
Necessary for the performance of a contract
When you become a member and provide us with your personal data, certain processing activities are considered necessary for the performance of the contract between you and the Club. This includes activities such as registering you as a new member and sending you a membership pack, administering your insurance policy, analysing and researching your individual membership requirements, booking sites and attending Club events.
When you buy goods or services from us we will process your personal data where this is necessary for us to provide you with those goods or services, including by sharing your data with third parties involved in providing the goods or services to you.
Legitimate interests
We will contact you with offers and services which we feel are relevant and may enhance your Club membership experience. This includes informing you of insurance cover options, products and services provided by the Club and our trusted business partners, such as overseas travel offers. The lawful basis with which we use your personal data in this way is legitimate interests. This is because on balance, and taking account of your own interests, we have determined that the data processing is necessary for the legitimate business interests of the Club and to provide you with appropriate offers and services. Members can object to being contacted for marketing purposes and manage preferences online (please refer to section 3.17 for more information about this).
We also process your data where this is necessary for our administration of our business and to manage our relationship and correspondence with you, on the basis that we have a legitimate interest in doing this.
Legal obligations
There are circumstances when we are required to process personal data in order to meet our legal obligations. Processing data under this basis can relate to financial data, insurance claims information and HMRC reporting requirements. When processing on the basis of legal obligations, you have no right to erasure or right to object.
Consent
Where the Club relies on the lawful basis of consent to process personal data, it must be freely given, specific, informed, and must be an unambiguous indication of agreement. For example, the Club would require consent from a non-member in order to market products and services to them. If you have provided consent you have the right to withdraw it at any time. We would require your consent to process special category data unless processing data under the lawful basis of protecting vital interests. Only after obtaining your consent will we share your information with our trusted partners, so you can hear about relevant products and services. Once personal data has been shared, the trusted partner will assume the role of data controller.
Protecting vital interests
Dependent upon which insurance product you have purchased from us, we may need to inform a third party of your situation, for example if you become seriously ill whilst abroad. In these circumstances we would share this information with emergency services and we would consider this type of processing as being necessary to protect your and other relevant individuals’ vital interests.
3.13. What is the lawful basis for processing special category data at the Club?
When we process special category data we rely on one of the lawful bases outlined above as well as one of the following legal bases, which apply to special category data:
(a) Your explicit consent
In some circumstances, we provide you with the opportunity to voluntarily inform us of your special category data, e.g. whether or not you have a disability, so that we can help you with the allocation of an appropriate pitch at a site. In these situations if you choose to provide the information we rely on your explicit consent as our basis for processing.
We may also ask you to consent to us using your special category data to ensure that we can provide you with the most appropriate insurance services. For example, when you take out a holiday insurance policy which includes health cover we ask you to consent to us processing information about your health so that we can administer the policy.
Please note that if we need your consent to process special category data in order to provide a service and you decide not to give consent or you later withdraw consent we will not be able to provide the service.
(b) Where processing is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest
In some situations it may be necessary for reasons of substantial public interest for us to process special category data, for example in relation to the administration and underwriting of insurance or to prevent or detect insurance fraud. We only do this where the processing is permitted by laws that provide safeguards for your rights.
(c) Where processing is necessary for establishing, exercising, or defending legal claims
If it is necessary for us to process your special category data to establish, exercise, or defend a legal claim. This could happen, for instance, if there is a legal claim relating to an insurance policy you hold with us.
3.14. How long does the Club keep personal data for?
We retain personal data for no longer than is necessary. What is necessary will depend on the circumstances of each data type, taking into account the reasons that the personal data was obtained, but if relevant, the length of retention is determined in a manner consistent with legal and regulatory obligations.
The Club operates a Data Retention Policy and Schedule that set out retention periods for the different kinds of data we might hold about you. If you would like to find out more about this policy please contact our Data Protection Officer using the contact details at the beginning of this policy.
3.15. What are my data subject rights?
Under UK data protection law, a data subject is considered to be ‘an individual who is the subject of personal data’. Data subjects have certain rights and by exercising these rights, you can make requests regarding your personal data to the Club.  A summary of these rights is explained below.
The Supervisory Authority that regulates and enforces data protection law in the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and additional information and guidance about these data subject rights can be found on their website as follows https://ico.org.uk/.
1)  Right to be informed
At the point of collecting personal data from you, the Club must provide you with information such as the purpose and rationale for the processing of that data.
2)  Right of access
This right provides you with the ability to access to your personal data that is being processed by the Club. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your requested personal data. The information will be provided free of charge unless the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive; in those cases, the request may be refused or a reasonable fee charged.
3)  Right to rectification
This right provides you with the ability to ask for modifications and rectification to your personal data in the event you believe that your personal data is not up to date or accurate.
4)  Right to erasure
Also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’ this right, under certain circumstances, provides you with the ability to ask for the deletion of your personal data. We may refuse to fulfil the right to erasure if there is legal reason why the personal data must be retained, the grounds are not valid or if the data is required for use in the defence of a legal claim.
5)  Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data where you have a particular reason for wanting the restriction. This may be because you have concerns with the personal data the Club holds about you or how we have processed your data. In most cases we will not be required to restrict your personal data indefinitely, but will need to have the restriction in place for a certain period of time.
6)  Right to data portability
This right provides you with the ability to ask for a copy of or a transfer of your personal data, in a certain format. You may ask for your personal data to be provided back to you or transferred to another data controller. When doing so, the personal data must be provided or transferred in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
7)  Right to object
You have the right to object to the Club processing your personal data, including marketing activities and profiling, on grounds relating to your particular situation. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
8)  Right to object to automated processing
This right provides you with the ability to object to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling. Under this right, you may ask for your processing to be reviewed manually and with human intervention.
3.16. Exercising your data subject rights
To make the request process easy for you and to ensure we have all the information we need to be able to fulfil your request, you can complete an online request form. Once completed and submitted, the form will be sent to the Club’s Data Security Compliance Team for review. We may request further information from you to help us verify your identity.
You are not obligated to use the form to make a request but we will need all the information asked for on the form in order to process your request. If you would prefer to make a request verbally, you can call the Club on 01342 318813 or alternatively you can write to or email the Data Protection Officer at the contact details provided in Section 2.
Once we have all the information necessary to respond to your request and have confirmed your identity, we’ll locate your information and manage your request without undue delay and in any event within one calendar month. Note that this timeframe may be extended by two further months if your request is particularly complex or there is a large volume of requests.
3.17. Managing your preferences
You have a choice about whether you want to receive information about our services. We will not use your personal information for marketing purposes or share your information with any third party if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted in this manner.
If you are a member of the Club you can change your marketing preferences at any time by:
Accessing the Club website ‘My profile’ page (you will need to login)
Selecting the ‘update preferences’ link at the bottom of our products and services email communications
Speaking to our membership team on 01342 318813
If you are not a member of the Club you can update your preferences by following the instructions in the marketing communications we send you or by contacting the Club on 01342 318813.
3.18. Management of volunteers
We need to use your personal data to manage your volunteering, this could include: contacting you about a role you’ve applied for or we think you might be interested in, expense claims you’ve made, shifts you’ve booked and to recognise your contribution. It could also include information from local property teams about things happening where you volunteer and about your volunteering, including asking for your opinions on your volunteering experience. Volunteer roles at the Club can include the following: Executive and other Committee members, Committee members of the Divisions, Regions and Centres and Site Network wardens.
3.19. CCTV
Some of our locations and properties have Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) and you may be recorded when you visit them. CCTV is used to provide security and protect both our members and visitors and the Club property. CCTV will be only be viewed when necessary, for example, to detect or prevent crime, and footage is stored for a set period of time after which it is overwritten.  The Club aligns with the Information Commissioner’s Office CCTV Code of Practice and we put up notices so you know when CCTV is used.
3.20. Payment card security
The Club is compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). This is the international standard for secure credit and debit card payment processes and means that when you pay for goods or services from the Club using a debit or credit card, the relevant technical and operational security requirements are in place to protect the account data.
3.21. Making a complaint
If you think your data has been misused or that we haven’t kept it secure, please contact us using the contact details provided in section 2 and we will investigate any concerns you may have. If you are unhappy with our response or if you need any advice you should contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).
The telephone number for the ICO Helpline is 0303 123 1113 or you can also chat online with an advisor.
The ICO can investigate your claim and take action against anyone who has misused personal data. You can also visit their website for information at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/.
3.22. Divisions Regions and Centres
Personal data of current members is only processed by a Division, Region or Centre for the purpose of communicating activities and events and to enable a Committee to administer the operation of the Division, Region or Centre. The Club considers this processing of personal data for administrative purposes to fall under the lawful basis of legitimate interests. In order to access further information about data privacy for Divisions, Regions and Centres please visit our Local Centres page.
3.23. Tell us about changes to your information
If your personal details change, please help us keep your information up to date by notifying us at: Membership Services, Caravan and Motorhome Club, East Grinstead House, East Grinstead, West Sussex RH19 1UA, by emailing memberenquiries@camc.com.
3.24. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure it remains up to date and reflects how and why we use your personal data as well as any new legal requirements. Please visit our website to keep up to date with any changes as the current version of this policy will always be posted on our website.
Version no.
Description of change
Date published
2.0
Major update to original policy
25 November 2015
2.1
Section 1 updated to include "digital channels" and clarify the meaning of digital services
21 January 2016
3.0
Policy updated to incorporate new trading name
21 February 2017
3.1
Policy updated to make adjustments re trading name
22 February 2017
4.0
Major update to include GDPR requirements
25 May 2018
4.1
Update to include consent to share data with trusted partners, competition sponsors and the inclusion of webchat data processing activities
25 July 2018
4.2
Updates to include reference to: SMS messages, management of volunteers and the new Divisions, Regions and Centres clause at 3.22
9 January 2019
4.3
Section regarding Covid-19 - NHS Test and Trace added
3 July 2020
4.4
Section regarding Covid-19 - Updated to reflect Scottish and Welsh Government guidance.
14 July 2020
4.5
Updated to reflect changes in guidance.
9 April 2021
4.6
Updated to reflect changes in Scottish guidance.
22 April 2021
4.7
Test and Protect opt out information for Scottish sites
26 April 2021
3.25. Monitoring of telephone calls
Your telephone calls to us may be recorded and monitored for quality control and regulatory purposes.
3.26. Covid-19 - NHS Test and Trace (England), Test and Protect (Scotland), Test, Trace, Protect (Wales)
All members and guests will be asked to scan the relevant NHS contact tracing QR code upon arrival and each day during the course of their stay. Alternatively members or guests may be asked to provide their contact details on a paper form, for the purpose of contact tracing.
If asked, the Club will respond to requests from: the NHS England Test and Trace, NHS Scotland Test and Protect or NHS Wales Test, Trace, Protect services. Should one of these services contact us then the Club is required to provide the relevant names and contact details we hold matching their request.
If you do not wish to take part in the Test and Protect contact tracing system in Scotland, please email TestAndProtectOptOut@camc.com and confirm: your name, your membership number (if applicable), the Club site(s) you have visited and the dates of your stay.
The information that could be shared with these NHS services is: names, telephone numbers, email address, postal address, date of visit, arrival time and, where possible, departure time. No other information (regarding a booking or your personal information) is required nor is it passed on.
The Club will be following the guidance published by the relevant governments across: England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Any data collected by the Club solely for this purpose will only be kept for 21 days from the date of departure.
3.27. Last update
This Privacy Policy (Version 4.7) was last updated on 26 April 2021.
Join the Club
£13 saving per night on Club Site pitch fees
Search 1,000s of UK and overseas sites
Exclusive member discounts
Become a member
Useful links
About us
Become an Affiliated site
Set up your own Certificated Location
Careers
Press enquiries
Contact us
Keep in touch
Facebook Twitter You Tube Instagram
Follow us or alternatively, you can register with our online community Club Together
Address: Caravan and Motorhome Club, East Grinstead House, East Grinstead, West Sussex, RH19 1UA
© Copyright Caravan Club 2021
Use of cookies
Accessibility statement
Terms of use
Booking terms
Privacy policy
Sitemap
Modern slavery statement
Top
Your privacyWe use cookies to give you the best possible experience whilst on our website. Click 'Manage cookies' to find out more or review your options.Accept all cookiesManage cookies