Chipworks | fair processing notice
You appear to have JavaScript turned off. This site cannot work without JavaScript. Please turn it on.
<<
Fair Processing Notice
- how we use personal information
This fair processing notice explains why Chipworks Data Ltd collects information about you and how that information may be used.
Chipworks Data Ltd collects information about you to provide its products and services including microchip registration and reunification services.
1. Who we are
When we refer to “Chipworks”, “we”, “us”
and “our” in this notice it means Chipworks Data Ltd of The Barn, Danworth Farm,
Cuckfield Road, Hurstpierpoint, BN6 9GL.
When we say “you” and “your” in this notice, we mean anyone whose personal information we may collect, including
breeders, pet keepers and anyone whose microchip registration or transfer of keepership is received by us
anyone making contact with us whether via post, telephone, email, social media or through our website
anyone registered or wishing to register as an implanter for the purpose of recording microchip registrations
anyone registered or wishing to register as an authorised person or authorised organisation identified as having an interest in the microchip registration of animals
pet keepers and anyone identified as having an interest in the products or services of Chipworks
2. How we use personal information
To hold and process your personal data we must have a “lawful basis” for doing so.
The six lawful bases are
the personal data is being processed to comply with a contractual obligation we owe to you or a third party (“Contractual Obligation”)
the personal data is being processed to allow us to comply with a legal obligation we have to you or a third party (“Legal Obligation”)
the personal data is being processed with your consent (“Consent”)
the personal data is being processed to enable us to perform a public function (“Public Function”)
the personal data is being processed to protect ours, yours or a third parties vital interests (“Vital Interests”)
the personal data is being processed where we have a legitimate interest in processing it and such processing does not unduly impact your or your rights (“Legitimate Interest”)
More information on each of these lawful bases can be found here: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/lawful-basis-for-processing/.
We use personal information in the following ways:
Use of personal information
Lawful basis
•to provide you the products or services that you have purchased from us
Contractual Obligation
•to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us
Contractual Obligation
•to reunite lost or found pets
Contractual Obligation
•to comply with any relevant legislation including all compulsory microchipping regulations
Legal Obligation
•to manage our business and conduct market research to meet the legitimate needs of our business
Legitimate Interest
•to send marketing information to you if we have received your specific consent
Consent
•to ensure that our website is presented in the most effective way and to enable you to participate in interactive features of our service when you choose to
Legitimate Interest
Consent
•to notify you about changes to our service
Legitimate Interest
Contractual Obligation
You are not obliged to provide us with personal information, but we cannot provide our products and services without it. You have the right to object to us using your personal information.
You can do this at any time by telling us and we will consider your request and either stop using your information or explain why we are not able to. Further details can be found below.
3.	Marketing
We use your personal information to market products and services to you.
Our marketing activities may include providing information to you about products and services, promotions, special offers, news and events by
email
SMS
telephone
post
We will either do this ourselves or use third party partners to do it for us. Where we use a third party we will ensure that they handle your personal data in accordance with this Fair Processing Notice and in accordance with our written instructions.
If you do not wish to receive marketing information about our products and services you can tell us at any time by using the contact details found in 11. Know your rights.
4.	The personal information we collect
We collect the following types of personal information about you so we can complete the activities in 2. How we use personal information
basic personal details such as name, age, address and gender
your customer type (e.g. pet keeper, vet, welfare, breeder)
your personal or organisation’s e-mail address
your personal or organisation’s address
your personal or organisation’s telephone number(s)
financial details such as direct debit or payment card information. These details are never stored by us and are deleted once the financial transaction for which they were supplied has been processed
business activities if it is relevant to your relationship with us
personal information about other individuals e.g. name and telephone number for any additional reunification contact. You confirm that any such information that you provide to us is done so only if you have received the consent of the relevant individual
5.	Further information we may collect about you
Each time you visit www.chipworks.co.uk (“our website”) we may automatically collect the following information
technical information, including the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from the page.
information provided by you at the time of posting material to our website
Use of personal information
Lawful basis
•to ensure that we optimise our efforts to keep our website safe and secure
Legitimate Interest
•to administer our website
Legitimate Interest
•to conduct internal operations including but not limited to troubleshooting, data analysis and testing
Legitimate Interest
•to improve our website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer, smart phone or tablet
Legitimate Interest
•to make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may interest you
Legitimate Interest
•to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so
Legitimate Interest
•to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others and to deliver relevant advertising to you
Legitimate Interest
Each time you contact our customer support centre we may automatically collect your personal or organisation’s telephone number(s).
6.	Information we may receive from other sources
We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. If this is the case we will have informed you when we collected that information that it may be shared internally and combined with information you give to us and information we collect about you.
We also work with third parties (including, for example payment and delivery services, analytics providers and search information providers) and may receive information about you from them.
7.	Where we collect personal information
We will obtain your personal information directly from you, your representatives or from information you have made public, for example on social media.
We may receive personal information about you, when you contact Chipworks e.g. by doing any of the following
registration of a microchip by you or by an authorised implanter or registrar
updating registration details for a microchip
purchasing a product or service from us
telephoning, texting, writing by post or email, or communicating via online channels to Chipworks
using the Chipworks websites and apps (see our Cookie policy)
entering Chipworks competitions
8.	Sharing personal information
We may share your personal information with
any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006
selected third parties including:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you
credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you
regulators, law enforcement or other organisations if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Chipworks, our customers, or others
prospective buyers in the event we wish to sell all or part of our business
9.	Transferring personal information outside the UK
We use servers located in the United Kingdom to store your personal information where it is protected by UK law.
If we, or any of our suppliers, use servers located in the European Union (EU) to store your personal information, it will be protected by laws equivalent to those in the UK.
If any of our suppliers have servers outside the EU, our contracts with these suppliers will require them to provide equivalent levels of protection for your personal information.
We will not transfer your personal data out of the European Economic Area without ensuring that your rights and freedoms as a data subject are protected.
10.	How long we keep personal information
We keep information only for as long as we need it to administer the products and services we provide, manage our business or as required by law or contract.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
11.	Know your rights
You have the right to
object to us using your personal information. We will either agree to stop using it or explain why we are unable to (the right to object)
ask for a copy of the personal information we hold about you, subject to certain exemptions (data subject access request)
ask us to update or correct your personal information to ensure its accuracy (the right of rectification)
ask us to delete your personal information from our records if it is no longer needed for the original purpose (the right to be forgotten)
ask us to restrict the use of your personal information in certain circumstances (the right of restriction)
ask for a copy of the personal information you provided to us, so you can use it for your own purposes (the right to data portability)
complain if you feel your personal information has been mishandled. We encourage you to come to us in the first instance but you are entitled to complain directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) at www.ico.org.uk
ask us, at any time, to stop using your personal information, if using it based only on your consent (the right to withdraw your consent)
If you wish to exercise any of these rights you can do so by contacting us
Chipworks Data Ltd
The Barn
Danworth Farm
Cuckfield Road
Hurstpierpoint
BN6 9GL
Email    info@chipworks.co.uk
Phone   0300 1070 958
Please note that you do not always have all of the rights outlined above.
Your ability to exercise your rights depends on the lawful basis we are relying on to process your data (as specified in section 2).
For example, you do not have the right to be forgotten where we are processing your personal data pursuant to a legal obligation (i.e. the legal obligation for dogs to be microchipped).
More information about your rights and how and when you can exercise them can be found here:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-the-general-data-protection-regulation-gdpr/individual-rights/.
12.	Data Protection contact details
If you have any queries about how we use your personal information, please contact us
Chipworks Data Ltd
The Barn
Danworth Farm
Cuckfield Road
Hurstpierpoint
BN6 9GL
Email    info@chipworks.co.uk
Phone   0300 1070 958
Changes to our Fair Processing Notice
Occasionally it may be necessary to make changes to this notice. When that happens we will provide you with an updated version at the earliest opportunity. The most recent version will always be available on our website www.chipworks.co.uk
Chipworks Notice:
Contact us
0330 107 0958
info@​chipworks.co.uk
Chipworks Data Ltd
The Barn, Danworth Farm
Cuckfield Road
Hurstpierpoint
BN6 9GL
Pet owners
Professionals
Useful links
Check / update details
Transfer keepership
Chipworks Xtra
Collar tags
Lost & found
Veterinary
Welfare
Breeder
Other implanters
Local authority
Police
Privacy policy
Conditions of use
Acceptable use policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Fees
We don't create persistent cookies in Chipworks because we value your privacy.
We'd like to remove this notice if you've seen it before, but to do so we would have to create a persistent cookie!
© Chipworks 2021.- - -
Chipworks Data Ltd. is registered in England No 11046585