Civil Service Jobs Privacy Notice - Civil Service Jobs - GOV.UK
You do not need Javascript to be able to use this page.
Skip to main content
Cookies on Civil Service JobsWe use some
essential cookies
to make this website work.
To understand how you use Civil Service Jobs and improve the website
we'd like to set some
additional cookies.Your cookie preferences have been setYou have chosen to accept additional cookies.
You will be asked for your preferences again in 90 days.You can check and update your preferences using the Cookies link at the bottom of all Civil Service Jobs pages.Your cookie preferences have been setYou have chosen to reject additional cookies.
You will be asked for your preferences again in 90 days.You can check and update your preferences using the Cookies link at the bottom of all Civil Service Jobs pages.
GOV.UK
Civil Service Jobs
Beta
Your feedback will help us to improve.
Home
Sign in / create an account
Civil Service Jobs Privacy Notice
This notice sets out how we will use your personal data, and your rights. It is made under Articles 13 and/or 14 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Your data
The data
We will process the following personal data:
When you create an account:
name
email address
your employer (civil servants only)
your line manager’s email address (optional - for civil servants to verify their employment)
When you create an account to set up and manage vacancies:
name
email address
your employer
staff number
Civil servants who are priority movers have the option to create a profile and add:
full contact details, including address
employer, role, grade and location
employment history
diversity and inclusion information
When you view a job advert we may automatically collect:
your referral source - the website where you saw the job advert
details of the pages you have viewed - including how long you spend on a page, and which links you select
information about your computer - such as the web browser used and device type
your approximate geographic location based on your IP address
When you make an application we may ask for:
full contact details, including address, and mobile phone number
eligibility - nationality and immigration status
employment history
qualifications, licences and professional memberships
diversity and inclusion information
CV and personal statement
Disability Confident Scheme and reasonable adjustment requirements
National Insurance number (Home Office vacancies only)
whether or not you are a veteran of Her Majesty's Armed Forces
job sharing partner's full name
When you are invited to an interview we may ask you to provide:
evidence of your identity and right to work in the UK - such as your passport, utility bills or other documentation
a completed non-taxable travel and expenses form for an HR supported costs interview scheme if offered by a participating organisation. This will require bank details, travel details and a copy of any receipts related to interview travel, to allow verification and reimbursement of appropriate travel costs
When you undergo pre-employment checks we may ask for:
Nationality and right to work information
contact details for your referees
National Insurance number
date of birth
public sector pension history
health declaration
evidence of time spent outside of the UK
details of any self-employment
evidence of current Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) certificate
bankruptcy details
addresses for the last 10 years
passport details
driving licence details
previous names you have been known by
workplace discipline information
criminal history
If you are already working for the Civil Service and moving to another government department, we may also ask for:
two most recent consecutive payslips
current National Security Vetting clearance
current employee number
In order to help test the effectiveness and fairness of new questions for our online tests, you may be presented with a few trial questions as part of your online test and/or you may be contacted to complete a separate trial test.
The list above only applies for applications made through the Civil Service Jobs system. Some advertisers may use their own application systems, when their privacy notice will apply.
When you contact us with feedback or an enquiry we will process:
your email address
the details of your request
Purpose
The purposes for which we are processing your personal data are:
to manage recruitment for Civil Service organisations and non-departmental public bodies. This includes a job board, online application service, sift tests, interview scheduling, and pre-employment checking service
to assess your suitability for a role
to enable the creation of user accounts
to provide updates on the recruitment process
for civil servant candidate accounts, to allow users to view and apply for internal and across-government vacancies
to offer a job alert email service
to offer a priority mover service to help civil servants find new roles when they are at risk of redundancy
to provide technical support to candidates and recruiters
to send your contract of employment to your email address, if the employing department chooses this as an option
to monitor the effectiveness of recruitment processes - this could include statistical analysis of system usage, or research into the experience of applicants and other system users, or analysing referral sources to see which provide the most diverse applicants
to undertake pre-employment checking and onboarding activity before you start in a role in the Civil Service (including health, pension questionnaire, character declaration)
to complete a 'fit-for-work' disclaimer in regards to the COVID-19 pandemic
to comply with the Baseline Personnel Security Standard (BPSS) which consists of:
verification of identity
verification of nationality and immigration status - including entitlement to undertake the work in question
verification of employment history - through cross-referencing information against the HMRC PAYE system or through references
verification of criminal record (unspent convictions) - for HMRC vacancies this check will also include spent convictions
additional verification - only applies where additional verification or assurance is required
Legal basis of processing
The legal basis for processing your personal data is:
Contractual: it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party - an employment contract. This relates to information that we need to recruit and employ you.
Contractual: it is necessary in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract for employment. This relates to information that we collect as part of the application and selection process.
Legal obligation: it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation placed on us as the data controller - we are required to report on equality of opportunity; and onboarding processes have specific requirements
Public task: processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the data controller. In this case, Civil Service Jobs facilitates recruitment of high-quality candidates to roles across government departments, agencies and other public bodies. It provides recruitment tools and processes that support Civil Service recruitment strategy, and we also monitor the effectiveness of recruitment processes.
Sensitive personal data is personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation.
The legal basis for processing your sensitive personal data is:
it is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest for the exercise of a function of the Crown, a Minister of the Crown, or a government department; the exercise of a function conferred on a person by an enactment; the exercise of a function of either House of Parliament; or the administration of justice; and an appropriate policy document is in place. Civil Service Jobs facilitates recruitment of high-quality candidates to roles across government departments, agencies and other public bodies. It provides recruitment tools and processes that support Civil Service recruitment strategy.
it is necessary for the purposes of performing or exercising our obligations or rights as the controller, or your obligations or rights as the data subject, under employment law, social security law or the law relating to social protection. External recruitment is required to follow the Civil Service Commission Recruitment Principles. Personal data is processed to ensure that these requirements are met. We are required under the Equality Act 2010 to make appropriate reasonable adjustments for candidates with a disability.
processing is of a specific category of personal data and it is necessary for the purposes of identifying or keeping under review the existence or absence of equality of opportunity or treatment between groups of people specified (in paragraph 8(2) of Part 2 of Schedule 1 to the Data Protection Act 2018) in relation to that category with a view to enabling such equality to be promoted or maintained; and it is not carried out for the purposes of measures or decisions with respect to a particular data subject; and you have not declined consent; and you have not given notice that you do not wish your data to be processed for these purposes; and the processing is not likely to cause substantial damage or substantial distress to an individual. Diversity and inclusion data is used anonymously: ethnicity, religion, community background (Northern Ireland vacancies only), and sexual orientation.
it is necessary for archiving purposes, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes, and it is in the public interest. Analysis of applications and recruitment outcomes (including online tests), impact on protected groups, timescales for recruitment, and other research may be carried out.
The processing by us of personal data relating to criminal convictions and offences or related security measures is not carried out under official authority, but is authorised because it meets the following condition:
it is necessary for reasons of substantial public interest. This is ensuring that individuals with access to official information and assets will meet the required standards of propriety.
Recipients
Your personal data will be shared by us with:
Account data:
our technical supplier and their approved staff
our technical supplier's hosting provider
profiles may be shared with departments who have vacancies available for priority movers
Once you have made an application, your information may be shared with:
approved staff managing vacancies (including recruiters and interview panel members)
Government Recruitment Service (GRS - managing recruitment on behalf of some recruiting departments)
the recruiting departments or profession
our technical supplier and their hosting provider
Capita - to undertake recruitment on behalf of GRS during periods of high demand
Government Recruitment Information Database (GRID)
Customer relationship management system
Email survey tools
Providers of individual leadership assessments, psychometric tests and staff engagement exercises
Civil Service Commission, Advisory Committee on Business Appointments, Office of the Commissioner for Public Appointments - to ensure that recruitment processes are correctly followed
The GOV.UK Notify service for sending email and text messages
If you meet the required standard but the recruiting department is unable to offer you the job, you may be given the option of being added to a reserve list. Reserve lists may be shared with other Civil Service departments who are recruiting for similar roles.
For senior civil service roles, your data may be held by the Civil Service HR team within the Cabinet Office to provide a list of potential candidates to be considered for similar future roles.
If you undergo pre-employment checks prior to appointment, your data may be shared with:
Government Recruitment Service
Customer relationship management system
Capita and Verifile - to undertake recruitment on behalf of GRS during periods of high demand
Capita Security Watchdog
Disclosure and Barring Service
AccessNI criminal record checks
Disclosure Scotland criminal record checks
occupational health providers
APS Group Translation Services
Civil Service Pensions
the recruiting department
the recruiting department’s shared service provider (if a third party supplier is used)
the UK Security Vetting team, as well as the Security Cluster department for the relevant employer (which will be either HMRC, DWP, Home Office, MoD, or the FCO)
If you request support with your application or for a technical issue:
approved staff from Cabinet Office
approved staff from our technical supplier
customer relationship management system
project management tools
technical suppliers of online tests
As your personal data will be stored on our IT infrastructure it will also be shared with our data processors who provide email and document management and storage services to us.
When AccessNI is used
As an organisation using AccessNI to help assess the suitability of applicants for positions of trust, the Government Recruitment Service complies fully with AccessNI’s Service Level Agreement regarding the correct handling, use, storage retention and disposal of Disclosure Applications and Disclosure information. We also comply fully with obligations under the Data Protection Act 2018 and other relevant legislative requirements with regards to the safe handling, storage, retention and disposal of disclosure information.
As we no longer receive a copy certificate from AccessNI, written consent will be obtained from the applicant when requesting and retaining a copy of a disclosure certificate. Disclosure information is kept securely, in lockable, non-portable, storage containers with access strictly controlled and limited to those who are entitled to see it as part of their duties. In accordance with section 124 of the Police Act 1997, disclosure information is only passed to those who are authorised to receive it in the course of their duties. We maintain a record of all those to whom disclosures or disclosure information has been revealed. We recognise it is a criminal offence to pass this information to anyone who is not entitled to receive it. Disclosure information is only used for the specific purpose for which it was requested and for which the applicant’s full consent has been given.
Once a recruitment (or other relevant appointment, regulatory or licensing) decision has been taken, we do not keep disclosure information for any longer than is necessary. We comply with AccessNI’s Service Level Agreement to return the original disclosure certificate to the applicant once a decision, recruitment or otherwise has been made and will be retained no longer than the agreed period.
Once the retention period has elapsed, we will ensure that any disclosure information is immediately destroyed by secure means. While awaiting destruction, disclosure information will not be kept in any unsecured receptacle. We will not keep any photocopy or other image of the disclosure or any copy or representation of the contents of a disclosure or any other relevant non-conviction information supplied by police. However, despite the above, we may keep a record of the date of issue of a disclosure, the name of the subject, the type of disclosure requested, the position for which the disclosure was requested, the AccessNI unique reference number of the disclosure certificate and the details of the recruitment decision.
Retention
Your personal data will be kept by us for the following durations:
Application records and associated files (including CVs, letters, emails, criminal history certificates, comment and feedback) will be deleted 2 years after the vacancy is archived.
A vacancy becomes archived when there are no active applications and either:
the vacancy is manually archived by a recruiter; or
the vacancy is automatically archived 1 year after the advertised closing date.
Candidate accounts - you can, at any time, choose to close your account. This will:
remove your ability to login to the account
withdraw any active applications
delete partially-completed applications which haven’t been submitted
disable the automatic sending of job alerts
Closed accounts are deleted and cannot be restored, however previously submitted applications will be retained until deletion for the period described above.
Candidate accounts that are active will remain in the system unless the candidate deletes them (or makes a request for deletion). An account will become inactive if the user has not logged in for two years.
Vacancy manager accounts
ATS account holders are required to periodically reconfirm that they still require access, otherwise the account will become inactive.
Inactive accounts will be deleted three years after the last time the user logged in. Active accounts will remain in the system.
Automated decision making
Your personal data will be subject to automated decision making when online psychometric tests are used.
Some vacancies use online psychometric tests in the early stages of recruitment.
Three tests are commonly used: Verbal Reasoning, Numerical Reasoning and the Civil Service Judgement Test.
Decisions are made on who to invite to later stages based on automated scoring and sifting processes.
In addition, test scores and other applicant data are regularly captured for statistical and research analysis purposes.
Your score is calculated from the responses you give during the test, and no other information about you is used.
We compare your score to those gained by a peer group who previously took the test, to give you a percentile. The vacancy will have a minimum percentile requirement, and if your score is lower than this, you will be rejected and your application will not be considered further.
Your rights
You have the right to request information about how your personal data is processed, and to request a copy of that personal data.
You have the right to request a copy of any personal data you have provided, and for this to be provided in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
your personal data is available to view in your Application Centre at any time
you can request a copy of your personal data, in machine-readable format, by emailing support.csjobs@cabinetoffice.gov.uk - this request may take up to four weeks to process.
You have the right to request that any inaccuracies in your personal data are rectified without delay.
you can edit your contact details in your Application Centre at any time
you can also edit contact details on submitted applications
to request corrections to an application you have submitted, email the contact listed on the advert for that vacancy - however only minor updates are usually considered
You have the right to request that any incomplete personal data are completed, including by means of a supplementary statement.
you can add additional contact details via your Application Centre at any time
in most cases, you will be unable to submit an application if mandatory information is missing
please check your application carefully before submitting it, as your application will be assessed on the information you provide at that point
You have the right to request that your personal data is erased if there is no longer a justification for it to be processed.
you can close your account at any time, from your Application Centre - this will:
withdraw any submitted applications
delete any unsubmitted applications
stop job alerts being sent to you
delete your account data and remove your ability to log into your account again
any applications you have made in the past will be kept for audit purposes under our data retention policy
You have the right in certain circumstances (for example, where accuracy is contested) to request that the processing of your personal data is restricted.
if your data is restricted from processing, you cannot be considered for a job
if your request relates to an application, email the contact listed on the job advert
if your request relates to your account, contact support.csjobs@cabinetoffice.gov.uk
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data where it is processed for direct marketing purposes.
your data is not processed for direct marketing purposes
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data.
you can object to processing, although you will then be unable to be considered for a job
You have the right, in relation to automatic profiling, to obtain human intervention in the outcome, to express your point of view, and to contest the decision reached by automatic profiling.
you can email the contact listed on the advert for the job you have applied for
International transfers
As your personal data is stored on our IT infrastructure, and shared with our data processors who provide email, and document management and storage services, it may be transferred and stored securely outside the European Economic Area. Where that is the case it will be subject to equivalent legal protection through the use of Model Contract Clauses.
Complaints
If you consider that your personal data has been misused or mishandled, you may make a complaint to the Information Commissioner, who is an independent regulator.
The Information Commissioner can be contacted at:
Information Commissioner's Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
0303 123 1113
casework@ico.org.uk
Any complaint to the Information Commissioner is without prejudice to your right to seek redress through the courts.
Contact details
Cabinet Office is the data controller for your account details, and for any applications you have not yet submitted.
Cabinet Office and the department you apply to are joint data controllers for your personal data within your submitted applications.
You can contact Civil Service Jobs by email: support.csjobs@cabinetoffice.gov.uk
The contact details for Cabinet Office’s Data Protection Officer (DPO) are:
Stephen Jones
DPO
Cabinet Office
70 Whitehall
London
SW1A 2AS
dpo@cabinetoffice.gov.uk
Updates to this notice
If this privacy notice changes in any way, we will place an updated version on this page. Regularly reviewing this page ensures you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we will share it with other parties.
Last updated: 22 June 2021
Support Links.
Help
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Notice
Accessibility Statement
Cookies
Built by Cabinet Office
Open Government Licence
All content is available under the Open Government Licence v3.0, except where otherwise stated
© Crown copyright