Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyPlease, make sure you read and fully understand the privacy policy of Cool Start Website, Extension and Other Applications under the brand ("Our Products") before you start using it. Cool Start Products are created and distributed by NextAd Media Group.Our products collect the users' IP addresses with the sole purpose of geographic localization. The weather feature in our products use the IP to give you information of the weather in the particular location of the user. The information is in no way disclosed, sold, or in any other way given to third parties. No other personal information is collected. The only piece of personal info we might ask for is your email address. We are going to ask for it with regards to newsletters, offers, updates, latest news. If you wish to receive the aforementioned then you provide us your email address and we keep it safe in our accounts. If you do not wish to be involved in the aforementioned types of communication then you do not need to provide your email. By providing your email you explicitly agree to be contacted by us.The extension uses YouTube API Services. Please, refer to the Google Privacy Policy (https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US)Cool Start may use cookies on our Products. Cookies are small pieces of data that a website stores to a person's hard drive to record the activity of the user. Based on historical data of the user’s activity our Products can offer you a more personalized user experience. Cookies may be used to analyse Site usage, improve content, customize our Products content and layout and for other customer service purposes. Our cookies do not collect any personally identifiable information. Cool Start may automatically receive and record certain non-personally identifiable information on its server logs from your browser, including your IP address, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), cookie information, and the webpage that a user visits. Cool Start collects non-personally identifiable information for general purposes, including but not limited to analysing trends, administering our Products, tracking user movements, conducting research, and providing anonymous reporting to internal and external clients. Cool Start will not link any Personal Information, including e-mail addresses, with aggregate data of its users.Our Products do not rent, sell, or share any information about the user with any third-parties in any way. Cool Start may disclose your Personal Information if considered such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the law or legal process; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Cool Start (including the enforcement of our agreements); or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the website or members of the public.Children privacy is very important and our Products are operated in complete compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We do not ever knowingly gather or maintain information on our website of children we know are under 13. There is no part of our site that is directed at or structured to attract anyone under 13. Visitors younger than 13 years of age may NOT use the Cool Start website and must LEAVE immediately.Cool Start takes the protection of your Personal Information very seriously and secures it from misuse, loss and unauthorized access. We cannot guarantee that your information will not be attacked or tried to be stolen, all we can guarantee is that we have taken all necessary precautions to keep your information safe. Personal Information is protected by secured networks and access is limited to a few authorized employees and personnel. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.If Cool Start is acquired or merged with another company, the personal information that we have will be one of the assets transferred. If anything of the like happens, all visitors of the website will be notified by displaying a message with the necessary information.From time to time, Cool Start may revise this Policy. Cool Start will post the revised Policy of our Products, so please check the Policy section to stay tuned.Copyright ©2021 All rights reserved | CoolStart is made with