Privacy Policy - Live Cricket Streaming and Watch Live Cricket Online CricHD
Search
Trending
PSL 2021
IPL 2021
T20 CWC 2021
Fixtures by date
Today
Tomorrow
15-08-2021
16-08-2021
17-08-2021
TV Guide
Android App
Schedule
Cricket
Football
Rugby
Tennis
Moto Race F1
NFL/American Football
WWE
Boxing/UFC
NBA/Basketball
MLB/Baseball
Golf
Hockey
Cycling
VolleyBall
Darts
Snooker
Other Sports
1
2
3
4
5
Privacy Policy
No video or videos are hosted on this site. Any of the video you can find here may be gotten for free on sites like Justin.tv, Ustream.tv, Mips.tv, Liveflash.tv, Ucaster.tv and many other servers. We are just linking it. Note we do not promise or guarantee our service and are not responsible for any action of our user’s. We have no partnership and don’t request to have partnership with any owner of video’s or stream’s given on our website. All content is copyright of their respective owners.
1. Responsibilities
1.1 Though we did everything possible in the preparation of our site, we are to inform you that it is technically impossible to run it without any faults. No warranty can be given concerning the continuing operation of our website and we take no responsibility in case it will not be functional because of faults or maintenance.
1.2 You should realize that all information is provided by third parties and we totally value their work. However we are not liable for this information.
1.3 The content on our website complies with Swedish law but we take no liability for any non-compliance with relevant local laws in other jurisdictions.
2. Links to and from Website
2.1 This website may have hypertext links to sites run by third parties. We are to inform you that we have no control of any from such websites and are not responsible for the information given on them.
3. Use of information
3.1 We are not owners of any information given on the website. Thus, we are not responsible for what you do with it. You may distribute information if their original owners have nothing against.
Subscribe with us
DMCA
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Copyright © 2021 CricHD. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe for Sports Reminders
You can choose to turn off notifications later anytime using browser settings.
Dismiss Subscribe
Subscribe for Sports Reminders