Privacy Notice | DocuSign
Skip to main content
Celebrating our one million customers
Sales
1-877-720-2040
Support
Access Documents
Log In
Open Menu
Close Menu
Products
Products
Back
Agreement Cloud
Industry-leading applications, integrations, and APIs
Learn More
Electronic Signature
The world's #1 way to sign electronically
Contract Lifecycle Management
Organized, automated document workflows
Contract Analytics
Analyze and negotiate agreements with proven AI
Document Generation
Generate documents from inside Salesforce
See All Products
Other Products
Payments
Guided Forms
Clickwraps
See All Products
Integrations
Salesforce
Workday
SAP
See All Integrations
Solutions
Solutions
Back
Industries
Financial Services
Insurance
Real Estate
Mortgage
Government
Education
Healthcare
Life Sciences
See All Industries
Departments
Sales
Human Resources
Procurement
Legal
See All Departments
Business Size
Enterprise
Small Business
Individual
Customer Success
We'll implement the cloud for you
Learn More
Explore
Customer Stories
Partners
Partner Program
Partner Login
Developers
Developers
Back
API Overview
Integrate our secure, trusted APIs to incorporate eSignature, clickwraps, and more
Developer Center
Our Developer Center has everything you need to implement DocuSign in your product
Quick Links
Free Developer Account
Explore a full-featured version of DocuSign for free with no obligations
Developer Training
Learn about DocuSign through our free, self-paced, guided courses
Developer Blog
Insights on digital transformation from the DocuSign development team
Pricing
Pricing
Back
Explore
eSignature Plans
Real Estate Plans
API Plans
Contact Sales
Find the perfect price with the help of our sales team
Get In Touch
Support Center
Resource Center
Legality Guide
Access Documents
Indigo Nav CTAs
Log In Contact Sales Free Trial
Search
Privacy Notice
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
Share this on LinkedIn
Share this on GooglePlus
Share this on Email
Version Date:  July 29, 2021
At DocuSign, privacy is a priority. The purpose of this document is to set out how DocuSign, Inc. and its affiliates (“us,” “our,” or “we”) collect, use, store, or otherwise process personal information about customers and other individuals (collectively "you") who access or use our websites, including docusign.com and docusign.net, our mobile applications, our web client or professional client, and/or any of our other websites, products, or services that link to this Privacy Notice (the “Services”). By using our Services, you understand that we will collect and use your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice.
In some cases, we may process your personal information pursuant to an agreement with a third party organization. In those cases, the terms of that agreement may govern how we process your personal information. If you believe a third party organization has asked us to process your personal information on their behalf, please consult with them in the first instance as they will be responsible for how we process your information. This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) does not apply to any third-party websites and apps that you may use, including those to which we link in our Services. You should review the terms and policies for third-party websites and apps before clicking on any links.
DocuSign’s core product and Services help users create, complete, and show the validity of digital or electronic transactions, such as electronically signing a contract for mobile phone services or placing a digital signature on a loan application. As part of our Services, users want us to collect and record information that helps the parties prove the validity of the transactions, such as the names of the persons who are involved in the transactions and the devices those persons use.
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed about the manner in which we collect, use, store, or otherwise process your personal information as well as your privacy rights. However, if you want to skip to a particular section of this Notice, please refer to the table of contents below.
Collection of Personal Information
Use of Personal Information
Personal Information Sharing
Retention of Personal Information
Your Choices
Children's Privacy
Information for California Residents
Your Privacy Rights
How We Protect Your Personal Information
Changes to This Privacy Notice
How to Contact Us
Supplemental Privacy Disclosures for Customers and Users in Certain Countries
1. Collection of Personal Information
You have choices about whether you visit our websites, install our apps, or provide personal information to us. However, if you do not provide us with certain personal information, you may not be able to use some parts of our Services. For example, if you do not adopt an electronic signature, then you will not be able to sign certain electronic documents on our Service. For choices and rights you may have, please see Sections 5 and 8 of this Notice.
Personal Information We Collect from You.  You provide us with personal information about yourself when you:
Register or log in to your account.
Start, sign, or review an electronic document.
Create or edit your user profile.
Contact customer support.
Comment on our blogs or in community forums.
Participate in surveys, sponsored events, sweepstakes, or when you sign up for newsletters.
You also provide us with personal information about others when you use parts of our Services, such as when you:
Start or participate in an electronic transaction, such as an envelope within DocuSign Signature.
Share information in DocuSign Rooms Service.
Add others as a member to an existing account.
Leave comments.
Refer friends.
Your main choice for this type of personal information is simply not providing it, such as by not creating a profile or not leaving a comment in a blog. For other choices you may have, please see Section 5 of this Privacy Notice.
Examples of the categories of personal information you may provide are:
Identifiers and contact information. This includes your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, or electronic signature.
Commercial information. This includes billing and payment information (e.g., credit card number, expiration date, visual cryptogram), products or services purchased.
Geolocation. This includes physical location
Personal Information We Collect Automatically. We may automatically collect personal information from you and your devices when you use our Services, including when you visit our websites or apps without logging in. For choices you may have on what information we automatically collect, please see Section ­­5 of this Privacy Notice.
The categories of personal information we may automatically collect includes:
Device, Usage Information, and Transactional Data. We collect personal information about how you use our Services and the devices (e.g., computers, mobile phones, tablets) you use to access our Services. This may include, but is not limited to, the following:
IP address.
Precise geolocation information that you allow our apps to access (usually from your mobile device).
Unique device identifiers and device attributes, such as operating system and browser type.
Usage data, such as web log data, referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages and content viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date(s) and time(s) you used our Services, the frequency of your use of our Services, error logs, and other related information.
Transactional data, such as names and email addresses of parties to a transaction, subject line, history of actions that individuals take in connection with a transaction (e.g., review, sign, enable features) and personal information about those individuals or their devices, such as name, email address, IP address, and authentication methods.
Cookies and Related Technologies. We use cookies, which are text files containing small amounts of information that are downloaded on your device, or related technologies, such as web beacons, local shared objects and tracking pixels, to collect and/or store information. For additional information about cookies and related technologies, including details of how to opt out, please read our Cookies Notice (https://www.docusign.com/company/cookie-policy).
Information We Collect from Other Sources. Subject to applicable law, we may collect personal information about you from others, such as:
Third-Party Sources. Examples of third-party sources include marketers, partners, researchers, affiliates (like companies under common ownership or control of DocuSign), service providers, and others where they are legally allowed to share your personal information with us. For example, if you register for our Services on another website, the website may provide your personal information to us.
Other Customers. Other customers may give us your personal information. For example, if a customer wants you to sign an electronic document in our Services, he or she will give us your email address and name.
Combining Personal Information from Different Sources. We may combine the personal information we receive from other sources with personal information we collect from you (or your device) and use it as described in this Notice.
Personal Information We Collect & Process on Behalf of Customers. When our business customers use certain Services, we generally process and store limited personal information on their behalf as a data processor. For example, in the context of DocuSign eSignature, when a customer uploads contracts or other documents for review or signature, we act as a data processor and process the documents on the customer's behalf and in accordance with their instructions. In those instances, the customer is the data controller and is responsible for most aspects of the processing of the personal information. If you have any questions or concerns about how personal information is processed in these cases, including how to exercise your rights as a data subject, you should contact the customer (either your employer or the individual or entity requesting your signature). If we receive any rights requests concerning instances where we act as data processor, we will forward your query on to the relevant customer.
2. Use of Personal Information
In general, and subject to applicable law, including consent (as required), we may use your personal information to provide, fix, and improve our Services, develop new Services, and market our companies and their products and Services. Examples of how we use the personal information we process include, but are not limited to, the following:
Provide you with and collect payment for the products and Services and products you request.
Create your account and manage your relationship with us (e.g., communicating with you, providing you with requested information).
Send you records of our relationship, including for purchases or other events.
Market features, products, or special events using email or phone or send you marketing communications about third party products and services we think may be of interest to you.
Record details about transactions involving electronic documents (e.g., who initiated, viewed, or signed the documents; signers’ IP addresses; timestamps).
Run sweepstakes, contests, and refer-a-friend programs.
Choose and deliver content and tailored advertising, and support the marketing and advertising of our Services.
Create and review data about our users and how they use our Services.
Test changes in our Services and develop new features and products.
Fix problems you may have with our Services, including answering support questions, customer education and training, and resolving disputes.
Manage the Services platform, including support systems and security.
Prevent, investigate and respond to fraud, unauthorized access to or use of our Services, breaches of terms and policies, or other wrongful behavior.
Comply with legal obligations.
Meet legal retention periods.
Establish, exercise, or defend our rights in legal claims.
Other Uses. We may combine the personal information we collect (“aggregate”) or remove pieces of personal information (“de-identify”) to limit or prevent identification of any particular user or device to help with goals like research and marketing. Once such information has been aggregated and anonymized so that it is no longer considered personal information under applicable data protection law, this Notice does not apply.
Lawful Basis for Processing Your Personal Information. If European data protection law applies and where DocuSign acts as a data controller, our lawful basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Notice will depend on the type of personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect or use it.
We normally collect or use personal information only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may have a legal obligation to collect or retain personal information or may need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. For example, when we:
Use personal information to create and manage an account, we do so in order to provide you with relevant Services and perform our contract with you.
Gather and record data associated with use of a digital certificate or digital signature, we do so to comply with regulations.
Use names and email addresses for email marketing purposes, we do so with your consent (which you can withdraw at any time) or, where permitted under applicable law, on the basis of our legitimate interests.
Gather usage data and analyze it to improve our Services or ensure the security of our websites, we do so based on our legitimate interest in safeguarding and improving our Services.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the lawful basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided in Section ­­11 of this Notice.  Note that in situations where DocuSign acts as a processor, it is our customer who determines the appropriate legal basis associated with processing activities, and queries about the applicable lawful basis should be directed to them.
3. Personal Information Sharing
Subject to applicable law, including consent (as required), we may share personal information as follows:
We share personal information as follows:
Service Providers. We share your personal information with service providers we use to support our Services. These companies provide services like intelligent search technology, intelligent analytics, advertising, authentication systems, bill collection, fraud detection, and customer support. We have contracts with our service providers that address the safeguarding and proper use of your personal information.
Affiliates. We may share your personal information with other companies under common ownership or control with DocuSign. These companies use your personal information as described in this Notice.
Marketing Partners. We may share your personal information with sponsors of events, webinars, or sweepstakes for which you register, or other parties with whom we may engage in joint marketing activities.
Public or Government Authorities. We may share your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, regulations, or contracts, or to respond to a court order, administrative, or judicial process, such as a subpoena, government audit, or search warrant where we are legally compelled to do so. We also may share your information when there are threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of DocuSign policies or other agreements, or to protect the legal rights of third parties, including our employees, users, or the public.
Corporate Transactions. Your personal information may be disclosed or transferred to relevant third parties in the event of, or as part of the due diligence for, any proposed or actual  reorganization, sale, merger, consolidation, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or part of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding). If a corporate transaction occurs, we will provide notification of any changes to the control of your information, as well as choices you may have.
Consent. We may share your personal information in other ways if you have asked us to do so or have given consent. For example, with your consent, we post user testimonials that may identify you.
Your personal information may also be shared as described below:
Other DocuSign users. When you allow others to access, use, or edit content in your account, we share that content with them. For example, if you send an envelope to others for review or signature, we make the contents of the envelope available to them.
Third Parties. When you make a payment to another user within our Services, we share your payment method details with the third-party payment processor selected by you.
Public Information.
User-Generated Content. When you comment on our blogs or in our community forums, this information may also be read, collected, and used by others.
Profile Information. When you create a DocuSign profile, other DocuSign users can view your profile information. If you would like to make this information private, please visit your account settings.
Your Employer or Organization. When you create an account or user role with an email address assigned to you as an employee, contractor or member of an organization (e.g., yourname@youremployer.com or yourname@nonprofit.org), that organization (if it is a DocuSign customer with certain features) can find your account and take certain actions that may affect your account.
4. Retention of Personal Information
We keep your personal information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. The length of time for which we retain personal information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws as set out in our data retention policy and information handling standards. Generally, this means we retain your personal information to comply with any retention or statutory limitations or for purposes of performing a contract with you. Where there are technical limitations that prevent deletion or anonymization, we safeguard personal information and limit active use of it.
5. Your Choices
This section describes many of the actions you can take to change or limit the collection, use, storage, or other processing of your personal information.
Profile. You are not required to fill out a profile. If you do, you can access and review this personal information. If any personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you can make changes in your account settings.
Marketing Messages. You can opt out of email marketing messages we send you by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the email message or unsubscribe here (https://get.docusign.com/global-unsubscribe). Please note that we may send you one message to confirm you want to opt out. If you are a registered user of our Services, or if you have engaged in transactions with us, we may continue to send transactional or relationship messages (e.g., signing notifications or account notifications) after you opt out of marketing messages.  If you would like your phone number added to our internal Do-Not-Call list to opt out of telemarketing messages, please contact us at subjectaccessrequest@docusign.com. Please include your first name, last name, company, and phone number.  You can also let us know at any time, including during a telemarketing call, that you do not want to be called again for telemarketing purposes.
Cookies and Other Related Technology. You can decline cookies through your browser settings or via the DocuSign Cookie Preference Center and other methods detailed in our Cookie Notice (https://www.docusign.com/company/cookie-policy). However, if you decline cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of our Services.  Please note we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals.
Device and Usage Information. If you do not want us to see your device location, you can turn off location sharing on your device, change your device privacy settings, or decline to share location on your browser.
Closing Your Account. If you wish to close your account, please log in to your account and edit your plan. For more information, click here: https://support.docusign.com/en/articles/How-do-I-cancel-or-downgrade-my....
Complaints. We are committed to resolving valid complaints about your privacy and our collection, use, storage, or other processing of your personal information. For questions or complaints regarding our data use practices or this Notice, please contact us at privacy@docusign.com.
6. Children's Privacy
Our Services are not designed for and are not marketed to people under the age of 18 or such other age designated by applicable law (“minors”). We do not knowingly collect or ask for personal information from minors. We do not knowingly allow minors to use our Services. If you are a minor, please do not use our Services or send us your personal information. We delete personal information that we learn is collected from a minor without verified parental consent. Please contact us at subjectaccessrequest@docusign.com if you believe we might have personal information from or about a minor that should be removed from our system.
7. Information for California Residents
In addition to the other information and rights described in this Privacy Notice, California residents are also entitled to certain additional information and have certain additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) with respect to their personal information.  If you are a resident of California (a “Consumer” as defined by the CCPA), this section of the Privacy Notice applies to you.  If you are not a Consumer, this section does not apply to you and you should not rely on it.
A. Information We Collect and How We Use It
Below is a summary of our collection and use of “personal information” (as defined by the CCPA) about Consumers in connection with our Services.  For additional details, please consult the other sections of this Privacy Notice.
Categories of Personal Information we may collect and use for our commercial and business purposes:
Contact and account registration information. When you register for an account or contact us you may provide your name, email address, physical address, phone number, account username and password, electronic signature, and other related information.
Financial or payment information. We collect information about payment methods that you provide, billing information, and information about the products or services you purchase.
Transaction information. When you use the Services to conduct a transaction, we may collect names and email addresses of parties to a transaction, subject line, history of actions that individuals take on a transaction (e.g., review, sign, enable features) and personal information about those individuals or their devices, such as name, email address, IP address, and authentication methods.
Customer service information. We collect information about your customer service communications with us, including, for example, questions and other messages you address to us directly through online forms, by email, over the phone, or by post.
Information about your web browser, mobile device, or internet connection.  When you access our Services online, we may automatically collect IP address, device identifiers and device attributes, including cookie IDs, mobile advertising IDs, and other similar unique identifiers, data about how you interact with the Services online (usage data), location information (e.g., city, state, country, and ZIP code associated with your IP address or derived through Wi-Fi triangulation) and, with your permission in accordance with your mobile device settings, precise geolocation information from GPS-based functionality on your mobile device.
Commercial and Business purposes for which we use the personal information we collect:
Provide you with and collect payment for the products and Services you request.
Create your account and manage your relationship with us (e.g., communicating with you, providing you with requested information).
Send you records of our relationship, including for purchases or other events.
Market features, products, or special events using email or phone or send you marketing communications about third party products and services we think may be of interest to you.
Record details about transactions involving electronic documents, (e.g., who initiated, viewed, or signed the documents; signers’ IP addresses; timestamps).
Run sweepstakes, contests, and refer-a-friend programs.
Choose and deliver content and tailored advertising, and support the marketing and advertising of our Services.
Create and review data about our users and how they use our Services.
Test changes in our Services and develop new features and products.
Fix problems you may have with our Services, including answering support questions and resolving disputes.
Manage the Services platform including support systems and security.
Prevent, investigate and respond to: fraud, unauthorized access to or use of our Services, breaches of terms and policies, or other wrongful behavior.
Comply with legal obligations.
Meet legal retention periods.
Establish, exercise, or defend our rights in legal claims.
B. The Right to Opt Out of Sales of Personal Information
Consumers have the right to opt out of “sales” of their personal information under the CCPA. According to the CCPA, and subject to certain exceptions, a business “sells” personal information when it sells, rents, releases, discloses, disseminates, makes available, transfers, or otherwise communicates orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
As explained further in Section 3 of this Privacy Notice, we share personal information with other companies.
Consumers may submit requests to opt out of such sharing using the following methods:
Adjust your cookie settings and select the option to opt out of respective cookie activities.
Click the link to “unsubscribe” at the bottom of any DocuSign marketing communication.
Update your email/marketing preferences at the following link: https://get.docusign.com/global-unsubscribe.
C. The Right to Access
Consumers have the right to request certain details about the personal information we have collected about them (generally, within the past 12 months).  This includes the right to request:
The specific pieces of personal information and the categories of personal information that we have collected about them.
What categories of personal information we sold or disclosed for business purposes and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed that information for a business purpose.
The categories of sources from which we collected personal information.
D. The Right to Deletion
Consumers have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from them.  In certain circumstances, however, the CCPA allows us to retain information for particular purposes (for example, if we need to retain the information to meet our legal obligations, and for certain other limited reasons set forth by the CCPA).
E. How to Exercise Access and Deletion Rights
Consumers may submit requests for access to or deletion of their personal information using any of the following methods:
You can access and review personal information associated with your account at any time by clicking here (https://support.docusign.com/en/guides/ndse-user-guide-manage-your-identity).
You may email your request to subjectaccessrequest@docusign.com.
For security purposes, we will attempt to verify your identity prior to fulfilling your request.  If you have an account with us, we may verify your identity through your login to your account.  If you do not have an account with us, we may need to respond to your request or otherwise contact you to request additional information from you to verify your identity (including, but not limited to your name, email address, or telephone number).
If we are able to verify your identity, we will respond to your request to the extent we are able to and as required by law.  If we cannot verify your identity, we may request additional information from you or we may deny your request.  If we are unable to fulfill your request(s) in their entirety, we will provide further information to you about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.
Certain personal information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. In addition, we need certain types of personal information so that we can provide the product and Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our product and Services.
F. The Right to Nondiscrimination
Consumers have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising their CCPA rights.  We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services with respect to Consumers who choose to exercise their CCPA rights.
G. Authorized Agents
Consumers may designate an agent to make CCPA requests on their behalf. For Consumers who do so, we will take steps to verify both the identity of the consumer seeking to exercise their rights as described above, and to verify that the consumer’s agent has been authorized by them to make a request on their behalf by requesting a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney.
H. “Shine the Light”
California residents may ask for a list of third parties that have received your personal information for direct marketing purposes during the previous calendar year. This list also contains the types of personal information shared. We provide this list at no cost. If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please contact us at subjectaccessrequest@docusign.com.
8. Your Privacy Rights
You may have certain rights related to your personal information, subject to local data protection laws, as described in more detail below. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at privacy@docusign.com.
You can access and review personal information associated with your account at any time by clicking here: https://support.docusign.com/en/guides/ndse-user-guide-manage-your-ident...
You also can request the following information: how we collect and use your personal information and why; the categories of personal information involved; the categories of recipients of your personal information; how we received your personal information and its source; our business purpose for using your personal information; and how long we use or store your personal information or the manner in which we determine relevant retention periods.
You have a right to correct inaccurate personal information about you, and you should notify us immediately if you believe the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete, or out-of-date.
In certain situations, you can ask that we erase or stop using your personal information, object to or restrict the use of your personal information, or export your personal information to another controller.
Where we rely on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to decline consent and/or, if provided, to withdraw consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of processing prior to the withdrawal of your consent. At any time, you can request that we stop using your personal information for direct marketing purposes. See Section 5 (Your Choices) of this Notice for more information on your choices.
If you are unsatisfied with our response to your complaint, you have a right to raise questions or complaints with your local data protection authority at any time.
If you make a request to exercise the rights referenced above, we will require you to provide certain information for identity verification purposes. If you have an account with us, we may verify you through your login of your account. If you do not have an account with us, we may require you to provide additional information from which we can confirm your identity. You may authorize an agent to make a request to us on your behalf and we will verify the identity of your agent or authorized legal representative by either seeking confirmation from you or documents that establish the agent’s authorization to act on your behalf.
Certain personal information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. We need certain types of personal information so that we can provide the product and Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our product and Services.
If you wish to exercise these rights, please contact us at subjectaccessrequest@docusign.com.
Transfers to the U.S. and Third Countries. Subject to applicable law, we may transfer your personal information outside of your jurisdiction, including for further processing. DocuSign has adopted Binding Corporate Rules to facilitate the transfer of personal information from the European Economic Area and/or United Kingdom ("EEA") to DocuSign outside of the EEA. Transfers outside the DocuSign group are only made to organizations that agree to adhere to the standards in our Binding Corporate Rules or use another valid alternative under data protection law.  You may view our Binding Corporate Rules at https://www.docusign.com/trust/privacy/bcrp-privacy-code and https://www.docusign.com/trust/privacy/bcrc-csb-code
9. How We Protect Your Personal Information
We have implemented appropriate technical, physical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from misuse or accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, acquisition, or access as well as all other forms of unlawful processing. To achieve this, we have developed and implemented an Information Security Management System and other sub-policies and guidelines relating to the protection of your personal information. For example, our staff is permitted to access customer personal information only to the extent necessary to fulfill the applicable business purpose(s) and to perform their job, subject to confidentiality obligations.
10. Changes to This Privacy Notice
We may amend this Notice to reflect changes in the law, our companies, our Services, our data processing practices, or advances in technology. Our use of the personal information we collect is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time such personal information is used. Depending on the type of change, we may notify you of the change by posting on this page.
11. How to Contact Us
For questions or complaints regarding our use of your personal information or this Notice, please contact us at privacy@docusign.com or mail us at  DocuSign, Attention: Privacy Team, 221 Main Street, Suite 1550, San Francisco, CA 94105.
If you are a visitor from the EEA, please contact Docusign International (EMEA) Ltd at privacy@docusign.com or DocuSign International (EMEA) Ltd, Attention: Privacy Team, 5 Hanover Quay, Ground Floor, Dublin 2, Republic of Ireland.
12. Supplemental Privacy Disclosures for Customers and/or Users in Certain Countries
If you reside in one of the following countries, the below Privacy Notice also applies to the processing of your personal information. To the extent there is a conflict between the country-specific language below and the provisions above, the below provisions control to the extent of that conflict.
Australia
Transfers and Disclosures to the U.S. and Third Countries. We may transfer or disclose your personal information to recipients in the following countries: Australia, Brazil, Canada, Germany, United States, France, United Kingdom, Mexico, Singapore, Ireland, Egypt, Israel, India, Japan, Costa Rica, Norway, Philippines, Sweden, Spain, Uruguay, and Georgia.
How We Protect Your Personal Information. Your personal information is likely to be stored on IT infrastructure located within Australia, United States, European Union and/or Canada.
How to Contact Us. To submit a complaint regarding our compliance with Australian law, please contact us at one of the addresses listed above. We will take reasonable steps to investigate the complaint and respond to you within a reasonable timeframe.
Brazil
Purpose. For customers or users located in Brazil, the controller is DocuSign Brasil Participações Ltda located at Rua Gomes de Carvalho, 1306 6º andar, Cj. 61 Vila Olímpia, São Paulo – SP, CEP: 04547-005 Brazil, Registration no. 35.228.557.541.
Your Privacy Rights. In addition to the rights listed above, customers and users located in Brazil have the right to:
Confirm the existence of processing;
Correct inaccurate or out-of-date information;
Request the anonymization, blocking, or elimination of unnecessary or excessive personal information processed in noncompliance with Brazilian data protection law;
Request the revision of decisions made solely on the basis of automated processing of your personal information whenever they affect your interests;
Obtain information about the entities with which we share your personal information; and
Brazilian residents may ask for a list of third parties that have received your personal information for direct marketing purposes during the previous calendar year. This list also contains the types of personal information shared. We provide this list at no cost. We will provide this information within 15 (fifteen) days from the date of your request, respecting our commercial and industrial secrecy. If you are a Brazilian resident and would like to request this information, please email subjectaccessrequest@docusign.com).
Canada
Transfers to the U.S. and Third Countries. We may transfer your personal information outside of your jurisdiction for further processing where it will be subject to that foreign jurisdiction’s law.
France
Purpose. For customers or users located in France, the controller is DocuSign France SAS, located at Immeuble Central Park, 9-15 rue Maurice Mallet, 92130 Issy-les-Moulineaux, France.
Your Privacy Rights.
You have the right to object, on legitimate grounds, to the processing of your personal information, except where we are obliged to process such personal information in compliance with our legal obligations or where we cannot satisfy this request, based on a prohibition from a statutory provision.
Under specific conditions, you have the right to give instructions on how you would like us to store, delete or share your personal information after your death. Please contact us for more information about this.
If you are unsatisfied with our response to a complaint, you have a right to raise questions or complaints with the French supervisory authority (Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés – "CNIL") at any time. You can contact this authority by sending a letter to the CNIL at 3 Place de Fontenoy, 75007 Paris, France, or by phone at +33 1 53 73 22 22.
If you make a request to exercise the privacy rights referenced above, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity. You may authorize an agent to make a request to us on your behalf. In order to do so, we will verify the identity of your agent or authorized legal representative and require proof of your own identity. We can only satisfy such a request if the documents that establish the agent’s authorization to act on your behalf contain the precise duration and purpose of such authorization, and confirmation of whether your agent is entitled to be the recipient of the information we will send.
Israel
Collection of Personal Information. You are not legally required by law to provide us with the personal information described in Section 1.
Transfers to the U.S. and Third Countries. We may transfer your personal information outside of your jurisdiction for further processing. If you are resident in a jurisdiction where transfer of personal information related to you to another jurisdiction requires your consent, then you provide us your express and unambiguous consent to such transfer.
Philippines
How to Contact Us. For questions or complaints regarding our processing of your personal information or this Notice, you may contact Doug Luftman (Chief Privacy Officer) by sending an email to privacy@docusign.com, by phone at +1 877 720 2040, or by sending a letter to  DocuSign, Inc., Attention: Chief Privacy Officer, Legal Department, 221 Main Street, Suite 1550, San Francisco, CA 94105..
PRODUCTSeSignature
Contract Lifecycle Management
Document Generation
Contract Analytics
See All Products
PRICINGeSignature Plans
Real Estate Plans
API Plans
PARTNERSPartners Overview
Partners Login
DEVELOPERSDeveloper Center
Open Source
SUPPORTCustomer Success
Get Support
Introduction to eSignature
Knowledge Market
DocuSign University
Community
RESOURCESWhy DocuSign
Resource Center
Blog
Events
Webinars
Legality Guide
Trust Center
COMPANYAbout Us
Leadership
Careers
Talent & Career Development
Benefits
Diversity & Inclusion
Investor Relations
News Center
DocuSign For Forests
DocuSign Impact
DocuSign Momentum
Contact Us
Trending Topics
Trending Topics
Streamline your contract lifecycle
Speed up transactions with mobile-first agreements
The DocuSign Agreement Cloud™
Automate and connect mortgage processes
Get a headstart with our trusted APIs
Social Links Indigo
Download Links
AustraliaCanadaFranceIndiaUnited KingdomUnited StatesNederland日本DeutschlandBrasilEspañaMéxicoUnited States
Footer Legal Links
Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Intellectual PropertyModern Slavery Act Statement
© DocuSign Inc. 2021