Privacy Policy - Drivereasy.com - Driver Easy
Driver update tool
Demo & features
Download FREE version
Buy PRO version
Support
FAQs
Driver Certification
Windows Knowledge Base
Help for Driver Easy
Release Notes
Contact Support
Blog
About
About us
Become an affiliate
Press kits
Magazine covermount
Media coverage
Contact
Home
Why update your drivers?
Manual update
Auto update
FREE TRIAL
BUY NOW
X
Click
To install Driver Easy
Click
Click
Click
Click
If it does not download automatically, please click here.
Privacy Policy – Drivereasy.com
This Policy was last updated on April 30, 2020
Your privacy is important to us (“drivereasy.com”, “Driver Easy”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We abide by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and we have developed this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to protecting your (“you”, “your”) privacy.
This Privacy Policy describes our data privacy practices, including what types of personal information are gathered, how we use and share the information, how we safeguard the information, and how you can delete or change the information.
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected through our website drivereasy.com, our product Driver Easy, and our interactions and communications with you. By using the Driver Easy program, drivereasy.com or our services, you agree to how we use your personal information as stated in this Privacy Policy.
No matter how your personal information is collected and stored, we will deal with it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
In situations where you personally or directly provide us with your personal information (e.g. by direct email), we shall imply your consent to our collection and processing of that information on the basis that we have informed you herein what personal information will be recorded and for what purposes.
Main sections in this Privacy Policy:
What is personal information?What personal information we collect and why we collect itHow we store and secure your personal informationDo you need to provide your personal information?How you can request, change or remove your personal informationHow often we change this Privacy PolicyHow you can contact us
What is personal information?
Personal information is any information that relates to an individual who can be directly or indirectly identified. We recognise that personal information is sensitive and that the provision of such information is an act of trust.
What personal information we collect and why we collect it
Personal information is collected about you in the following situations.
When you visit our websiteWhen you purchase a Driver Easy Pro licenseWhen you email us directlyWhen you submit one of the contact forms on our websiteWhen you submit the feedback form within the Driver Easy softwareWhen you contact us through Facebook MessengerWhen you comment on one of our articles or blog postsWhen you submit a Trustpilot reviewWhen our support agents remotely access your computer at your requestWhen you request customer support through our ecommerce provider, 2CheckoutWhen you use Driver EasyWhen you activate a Driver Easy Pro license on your computerWhen you sign up as an affiliateWhen we gift you with a free Driver Easy Pro licenseWhen you use a redeem code to get our product in our giveaways
When you visit drivereasy.com
We may collect your personal information when you visit our website drivereasy.com.
Cookies
For drivereasy.com to work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device.
A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences over a period of time, so you don’t have to adjust them whenever you come back to the site or go from one page to another.
IMPORTANT: We don’t see or store these cookies, and we don’t receive any information from them that can be used to personally identify you.
Drivereasy.com uses cookies to:
Remember your actions and preferences – So we can provide you with better services when you make return visits.Store the language setting of your web browser – So we can display the proper language to you.Display relevant ads – We use Google AdSense on drivereasy.com to support our website. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to drivereasy.com or other websites. You can visit this page for more information about the vendors that are certified by Google for third-party ads. You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings. Or you can opt out of some third-party vendors’ uses of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info.Monitor and make sense of visitor behavior – We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behavior on drivereasy.com. Google Analytics collects information about what pages the visitors visit, how long the visitors are on the website, how the visitors get to the website and what the visitors click. Google Analytics collects only visitors’ IP address, rather than their personal information that can identify who they are (like their names and addresses). The processing and sharing of your personal data by Google Analytics is governed by Google’s privacy policies. We use your information collected by Google Analytics to improve our website so that we can provide you with better experience, and we do not use it for other purposes. Google Analytics places a cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique visitor the next time you visit our website, but the cookie is only under control of Google. You can disable cookies on your browser to prevent Google Analytics from identifying you when you come back to drivereasy.com. You can also install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on on your web browser to prevent your data from being collected by Google Analytics.
All drivereasy.com cookies are non-unique, non-identifiable, secure and non-invasive.
By using drivereasy.com, you agree to how we use cookies. If you don’t want cookies to be placed on your device, you can delete them and change your browser settings to prevent them from being placed. For details about how to delete or control cookies on your device, please consult the documentation of your web browser. Please note that if you disable cookies, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit drivereasy.com, and some services or functionalities of the website may not work.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use Google’s reCAPTCHA v3 on drivereasy.com. This service helps us fight spam and abuse on our website. It collects your hardware and software information, such as device and application data, and sends this information to Google for analysis.
Your use of reCAPTCHA v3 is subject to the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. We recommend you visit the official Google page to learn more about how reCAPTCHA works and how it collects and processes your data.
IMPORTANT: This information is not used for personalized advertising by Google, and Google doesn’t send us any information that can be used to personally identify you.
Your IP address
We use a server tool called Nginx to manage traffic load. Nginx collects your IP address when you visit drivereasy.com, and associates it with various data about your usage of our site (e.g. how you open a web page on our site).
Links to other websites
Our website includes links to other sites, whose privacy practices may differ from ours. If you access other websites using the links provided, they may collect personal information from you. When this happens, the processing of your information is governed by their privacy statements. We suggest you carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit.
When you purchase a Driver Easy Pro license
We use a third-party ecommerce platform, 2Checkout, to handle billing. When you purchase a Driver Easy Pro license, 2Checkout requests information from you, including your name, home or work address, phone number, email address, and payment information such as your credit card number, expiry date, security code, etc. This information is used to process your payments and deliver the products you purchase.
The handling and processing of your information by 2Checkout are subject to its privacy policy.
2Checkout does not transmit all of this information to us. E.g. We don’t ever have access to your full credit card number, expiry date or security code.
Following is the full list of information sent to us by 2Checkout, and stored by us:
License purchasedDate license purchasedPurchase price & sales taxOrder reference numberNumber of licenses purchasedFull nameAddressCountryCompany namePhone numberEmail
We collect this information in order to fill your orders, notify you when your license is about to expire, invite you to review Driver Easy on Trustpilot and better provide customer support. We do not use your personal information for any other purpose.
When you email us directly
When you email us directly, we collect and store your name and email, as well as any information you include or files you attach.
We collect this information in order to understand and respond to your email, and to provide you with future customer service.
When you submit one of the contact forms on our website
When you contact us by submitting one of the contact forms on our website, we collect and store your name and email, as well as any information you send (including your OS and system type if you submit the bug report form, and your IP address if you submit the refund request form).
We collect this information in order to understand and respond to your request, and to provide you with future customer service.
When you submit the feedback form within the Driver Easy software
When you contact us by submitting the feedback form within the Driver Easy software, we collect and store your name and email, as well as any information you include or files you attach. If you elect to send it, we also collect and store detailed information about your computer system (e.g. manufacturer, model, devices, drivers).
We collect this information in order to understand and respond to your request, and to provide you with future customer service.
When you contact us through Facebook Messenger
When you contact us through Facebook Messenger, we collect and store your name and email, as well as any information you include or files you attach.
We collect this information in order to understand and respond to your request, and to provide you with future customer service.
The information Facebook collects and how they collect it are subject to their own privacy policy and terms, and we suggest you check their privacy policy for more details about their processing of your personal information.
When you comment on one of our articles or blog posts
We use a third party product, Disqus, to handle public comments on our knowledgebase articles and blog posts. When you create a Disqus account and/or post a comment, Disqus may collect your name, email address, IP address and any information you enter in your comment.
Although we have access to your public comment and public username, we don’t collect or store this information. We don’t have access to your name (unless it is the same as your username) or your email address.
The information Disqus collects and how they collect it are subject to their own privacy policy and terms, and we suggest you check their privacy policy for more details about their processing of your personal information.
When you submit a Trustpilot review
We encourage our customers to submit product reviews on a third party review site, Trustpilot. When you submit a review on Trustpilot, Trustpilot may collect your name, email and any information you enter in your review.
Although we have access to your public review and public username (and if you’re a paying customer, your email address), we typically don’t collect or store this information. Occasionally, however, we may choose to reach out to you by email in order to help solve your problem. In this situation, we record your name, email address and review comments, in order to help solve the problem and to provide future customer support.
The information Truspilot collects and how they collect it are subject to their own privacy policy and terms, and we suggest you check their privacy policy for more details about their processing of your personal information.
When our support agents remotely access your computer at your request
If one of our support agents remotely accesses your computer at your request, we may collect and store your name, email address and various information relevant to your problem, as documented during the remote computer access session.
We collect this information in order to understand and respond to your problem, and to provide you with future customer service.
When you request customer support through our ecommerce provider, 2Checkout
If you request customer support through our ecommerce provider, 2Checkout, 2Checkout collects your name, email and any information you submit to 2Checkout support.
They then transmit this information to us, and we store and process it.
We collect this information in order to understand and respond to your problem, and to provide you with future customer service.
The handling and processing of your information by 2Checkout are subject to its privacy policy.
When you use Driver Easy
We use Google Analytics to understand how our customers use Driver Easy. It collects:
a unique identifier of your computeryour IP addressyour languageyour country (detected using your IP address)information about your operating systemyour screen resolutionwhat program screen you are on
We use all the information only to improve Driver Easy and provide our users with better experience. We do not store or share this information, and none of this information can be used to identify you.
The way Google collects and processes your data is subject to their own privacy policy and terms. We suggest you check their privacy policy for more details about their processing of your personal information.
When you activate a Driver Easy Pro license on your computer
When you activate a Driver Easy Pro license on your computer, we collect and store the following information:
Confirmation whenever your license has been used to activate Driver Easy Pro on a computerThe Mac address and manufacturer of the network card in any computer the customer has used their Driver Easy Pro license to activate Driver Easy Pro on
We collect this information in order to deliver the correct drivers for your devices and your operating system, to manage license quotas and to provide future customer support.
When you sign up as an affiliate
We use a third party service, Avangate, to manage our affiliate program. If you sign up as a Driver Easy affiliate, Avangate makes available to us your Affiliate ID number, Affiliate nickname and Affiliate income (from Driver Easy).
Although we have access to this information through the Avangate portal, we don’t collect or store it ourselves. We don’t have access to your name (unless it is the same as your username) or your email address.
The information Avangate collects and how they collect it are subject to their own privacy policy and terms, and we suggest you check their privacy policy for more details about their processing of your personal information.
When we gift you with a free Driver Easy Pro license
If we gift you with a free Driver Easy Pro license, we may collect and store some of the following information:
Date license was gifted (always collected)Order ID (auto-generated and always collected)Product (always collected)Quantity (always collected)Your name, company, address, city, state, zip, country, phone (we may ask you to supply this information)Your email (always collected)
We collect this information in order to manage your license and provide future customer support.
When you use a redeem code to get our product in our giveaways
When you use a redeem code to get our product in our giveaways, our website requests your name and email address and stores them in cookies.
How we store and secure your personal information
The storage and security of your personal information varies depending on the type of data and the collection method:
When you visit our websiteWhen you purchase a Driver Easy Pro licenseWhen you email us directlyWhen you submit one of the contact forms on our websiteWhen you submit the feedback form within the Driver Easy softwareWhen you contact us through Facebook MessengerWhen you comment on one of our articles or blog postsWhen you submit a Trustpilot reviewWhen our support agents remotely access your computer at your requestWhen you request customer support through our ecommerce provider, 2CheckoutWhen you use Driver EasyWhen you activate a Driver Easy Pro license on your computerWhen we gift you with a free Driver Easy Pro licenseWhen you use a redeem code to get our product in our giveaways
When you visit our website
The IP addresses we collect from website visitors are stored on our servers, which are protected by password, 2-factor authentication (2FA) and firewall, located in a controlled facility outside of the EU, and accessible only to authorized personnel.
This data is then automatically backed up, using an encrypted third-party tool called s3cmd, to our Amazon S3 backup server, where it is password protected and encrypted.
When you purchase a Driver Easy Pro license
When you purchase a Driver Easy Pro license, our ecommerce provider, 2Checkout, requests information as outlined above.
2Checkout collects this information using an encrypted website form, then transmits this data to us via an encrypted application programming interface (API).
The data is subsequently stored on our servers, which are protected by password, 2-factor authentication (2FA) and firewall, located in a controlled facility outside of the EU, and accessible only to authorized personnel.
It is then automatically backed up, using an encrypted third-party tool called s3cmd, to our Amazon S3 backup server, where it is password protected and encrypted.
When you email us directly
When you email us directly, the security of your information is initially determined by your email client (e.g. Outlook) and email system (e.g. Exchange Server). Some email clients and systems encrypt data when composing and sending, and some don’t.
Once that data reaches our email system, however, it is fully encrypted, and remains that way. We store your data within a G Suite for Business Gmail account (i.e. on Google’s servers) that is password protected and encrypted.
If you email our support address (support@drivereasy.com), your information is also transmitted (via encrypted API) to Zendesk, and stored on Zendesk’s servers, which are password protected and encrypted.
When you submit one of the contact forms on our website
When you submit one of the contact forms on our website, your information is protected from the moment you enter it into the form.
Our forms are encrypted, the information you enter is transmitted using an encrypted method (HTTP Post) and your information is then stored within our G Suite for Business Gmail account (i.e. on Google’s servers), which is password protected and encrypted.
If you submit the support request form, your information is also transmitted (via encrypted API) from Gmail to Zendesk, and stored on Zendesk’s servers, which are password protected and encrypted.
If you submit the refund request form, your information is also transmitted (using the encrypted HTTP Post method) to our servers, which are protected by password, 2-factor authentication (2FA) and firewall, located in a controlled facility outside of the EU, and accessible only to authorized personnel. It is then automatically backed up, using an encrypted third-party tool called s3cmd, to our Amazon S3 backup server, where it is password protected and encrypted.
Your information is also transmitted (via encrypted API) to our Slack workspace (to enable team discussion and collaboration), and is stored on Slack’s servers, which are password protected and encrypted.
When you submit the feedback form within the Driver Easy software
When you submit the feedback form within the Driver Easy software, the form itself is not encrypted, but your information is no less safe here than in any other unencrypted software on your computer (e.g. Microsoft Word).
When you submit the form, your information is transmitted to us using the encrypted HTTP Post method, then stored within our G Suite for Business Gmail account (i.e. on Google’s servers), which is password protected and encrypted.
Your information is also transmitted (via encrypted API) from Gmail to Zendesk, and stored on Zendesk’s servers, which are password protected and encrypted.
System information files generated and sent by the feedback form are stored temporarily on the local computer of the support agent responsible for reviewing them. These computers are password protected and accessible only to authorized personnel.
When you contact us through Facebook Messenger
Any standard message you send us with Facebook Messenger is not encrypted. This is standard Facebook Messenger behaviour.
After we receive your message in our Facebook Messenger account, it is automatically transmitted to (via encrypted API) from Facebook Messenger to Zendesk, and stored on Zendesk’s servers, which are password protected and encrypted.
When you comment on one of our articles or blog posts
We use a third-party service, Disqus, to manage comments on our articles and blog posts. When you comment on one of our articles or blog posts, your information is protected by encryption as you type. Once you submit your comment, it is stored on Disqus’s servers.
We don’t store these comments, ourselves.
When you submit a Trustpilot review
We encourage our customers to submit product reviews on a third party review site, Trustpilot. When you submit a review on Trustpilot, your information is stored on Trustpilot’s servers.
Typically, we don’t store these reviews, ourselves, but occasionally we may choose to reach out to a reviewer by email in order to help solve their problem. In this situation, we record their name, email address and review comments, in order to help solve the problem and to provide future customer support.
This information is stored on Zendesk’s servers, which are password protected and encrypted.
When our support agents remotely access your computer at your request
If you ask us to remotely access your computer in order to troubleshoot a problem, we will use TeamViewer to do so. TeamViewer enables us to see and control your computer, using an encrypted technology.
During the remote access session, we may make note of certain information (e.g. your name, email and various information relevant to your problem). We may store this information in Gmail, Google Drive, Slack and/or Zendesk (i.e. on their servers), all of which are password protected and encrypted.
When you request customer support through our ecommerce provider, 2Checkout
When you request customer support via a contact form within your account at https://secure.2co.com/myaccount/, your information is protected by encryption as you type. It is subsequently stored on 2Checkout’s servers.
Your information is then transmitted (via encrypted API) to our Zendesk account, and stored on Zendesk’s servers, which are password protected and encrypted.
When you use Driver Easy
We use Google Analytics to collect the information about your behavior on Driver Easy. We collect information as described above, and send it to Google Analytics for analysis.
We use the SHA-2 algorithm to encrypt this information when sending so it cannot be cracked and recognized by others.
Your data is then stored on Google’s servers and made available to us as anonymous data in Google Analytics. We do not store this information.
When you activate a Driver Easy Pro license on your computer
When you activate a Driver Easy Pro license on your computer, we collect and store information about your computer system and your Driver Easy license.
This information is transmitted to us (via the encrypted HTTPS POST method) and thereafter stored on our servers, which are protected by password, 2-factor authentication (2FA) and firewall, located in a controlled facility outside of the EU, and accessible only to authorized personnel.
It is then automatically backed up, using an encrypted third-party tool called s3cmd, to our Amazon S3 backup server, where it is password protected and encrypted.
When we gift you with a free Driver Easy Pro license
If we gift you with a free Driver Easy Pro license, we may collect and store some information as described above.
This information is stored on our servers, which are protected by password, 2-factor authentication (2FA) and firewall, located in a controlled facility outside of the EU, and accessible only to authorized personnel.
It is then automatically backed up, using an encrypted third-party tool called s3cmd, to our Amazon S3 backup server, where it is password protected and encrypted.
When you use a redeem code to get our product in our giveaways
When you supply your name and email address as part of a product giveaway, this information is transmitted (using the encrypted HTTP Post method) to our servers, which are protected by password, 2-factor authentication (2FA) and firewall, located in a controlled facility outside of the EU, and accessible only to authorized personnel.
It is then automatically backed up, using an encrypted third-party tool called s3cmd, to our Amazon S3 backup server, where it is password protected and encrypted.
Do you need to provide your personal information?
Providing your personal information is not mandatory. But please be aware that, because your personal information may be necessary for us to deliver our products and services, we may not be able to deliver these products and services should you choose not to provide your personal information.
How you can request, change or remove your personal information
To find out what personal information about you we have stored, or to ask us to change or erase personal information about you, please email our Data Protection Officer at privacy@drivereasy.com.
We can erase the following information:
Address (excluding country)Phone numberIP address
Note that some of this information is automatically backed up, and because of our standard backup retention policies, your information will remain in our backups for 1 year, even after being deleted from our live server.
We cannot erase any other personal information stored by us because it is required for taxation, legal and/or business maintenance purposes. For example, we need it to:
Prove the accuracy of the information we supplied about our products and/or services, should that ever be questioned at a later date.Ensure we provide consistent information about our products, services and/or pricing to different people within the same organisation.Develop an enduring, enterprise-wide understanding of the needs of our market, and the most accurate and effective responses to common information requests. Your request and our response are important to that understanding. Moreover, our response constitutes valuable intellectual property to our business, and can only be properly understood if considered within the context of your business details and original request.Keep a record of any price we quote to you and your organisation for our products and/or services, along with any information associated with that quote (e.g. proposed solutions). This combination of quote and information constitutes valuable intellectual property to our business, and can only be properly understood if considered within the context of your business details and original request.Prove you engaged us to deliver our products and/or services, should that ever be questioned at a later date.Prove that we met your stated needs and fulfilled our promises, should that ever be questioned at a later date.Meet our reporting obligations under taxation law.
Note that some of the information collected (as outlined above) is collected and stored by third parties (e.g. Google, 2Checkout, Facebook). If you would like to erase any data that they have collected and stored, please contact them directly to make your request.
How often we change this Privacy Policy
We may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time according to user feedback and changes to privacy regulations.
When we make changes to this Policy, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of this Policy.
We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy periodically to stay abreast of the changes we have made.
In continuing to visit our website and/or use our products and services, you agree to the changes we have made to this Privacy Policy.
How You Can Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if you want to remove your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer at privacy@drivereasy.com.
SupportContact Us
FAQ
Help for Driver Easy
Windows Knowledge Base
Driver Certification
Resend License Key
Uninstall Driver Easy
Refund Policy
FeedbackImprove Translation
Report a Bug
Report a Missed Driver
Write a Review
CommunityAffiliate
Magazine Covermount
Driver Easy Press Kits
Non-Profit Organization
Company
› About
› What's New
› EULA
› Privacy Policy
› Super Easy
› Coupons
English / Deutsch / Français / 日本語
Copyright © 2009-2021 Easeware Technology Limited. All rights reserved.