Privacy and cookies | The University of Edinburgh
Cookies on the University of Edinburgh website
We use cookies for security purposes, remembering your preferences and to analyse site traffic to understand our users' behaviour. This includes anonymised Google Analytics data.
We'd also like to show you personalised ads (such as reminders of our Open Days) when you are on other websites and/or social media platforms. We will do this by sharing information with our selected advertising partners. We won't share your data with anyone else.
I'm OK with that
Edit my options
Skip to main content
Toggle section links
Study
Global
Visit
Research
News
About
Alumni
Local
Staff
Students
Show/hide site search
Schools & departments
MyEd
Search:
Search
About our website
Toggle navigation menu MenuAbout our website homePrivacy and cookiesInformation about youHow we use your informationCookies we useLegal information
Home
About us
Website
Privacy and cookies
Contact us
Privacy and cookies
We are committed to preserving your privacy. The following pages will help you understand how we use and protect your information obtained from using our website.
Information about you
Why we collect your information and how to update your personal information.
How we use your information
Your personal details can be used to provide you with information, products or services as well as helping us tailor the website to your preferences.
Cookies we use
What cookies are and how we use them, a list of all the cookies used on the University site and how to opt out of or block non-essential cookies.
Legal information
Learn more about the legal basis for processing your information and your rights relating to the information we gather or you provide while using the University website.
This article was published on 17 Jul, 2018
The University of Edinburgh
Terms & conditions
Privacy & cookies
Complaints procedure
Modern slavery
Website accessibility
Freedom of information publication scheme
Data Protection
MyEd login
The University of Edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in Scotland, with registration number
SC005336, VAT Registration Number GB 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the UK authorities as a
“Recognised body” which has been
granted degree awarding powers.
Unless explicitly stated otherwise, all material is copyright © The University of Edinburgh 2021.
CMS login