Privacy Policy - Wedding Photographer and Videographer Cardiff
Skip to content
PortfoliosExpand
Wedding Photography
Engagement Photography
Videography
Packages
Blog
Contact
BOOK US
Call
Toggle Menu
Privacy Policy
1. What information is being collected?
1.1 We collect a variety of information before, during and after you book with Studio Enso and/or Enso Wedding Photography and use any of our services. This includes:
Names, Addresses and Contact Information of the person(s) placing an order with us.Names, Addresses and Contact Information of the person(s) using our services.Names (and in some cases ages and gender) of all participants of a photo shoot.Details and notes taken throughout a photo session or service provided to help us remember conversations during and details of your session.
1.2 If you e-mail us or send us messages via social media, these messages are stored within our email system or social media accounts. These messages are stored for as long as practicable to allow us to provide you with better future services.
2. Who is collecting the data?
2.1 This data is being collected by Studio Enso and/or Enso Wedding Photography, 24 Verbena Close, St Mellons, Cardiff, CF3 0NE. We use a password protected data management software to hold our data.
3. How is it being collected?
3.1 The majority of our data is collected directly from you. Whether you fill out a form for us online, or tell us face to face, via the telephone, via e-mail or message.
3.2 In some cases, data may be given to us by a third party. This includes if somebody purchases a voucher for you – they will usually give us your name and details to allow us to process their order, and provide our service to you.
4. Why is it being collected?
4.1 Most of the data we collect is solely for the purpose of providing you with a service you have ordered, or had ordered for you.
4.2 Some of the data we collect is to help provide you with a better customer service experience
4.3 We are required by law to collect and store certain information relating to any order you place with us.
5. How will it be used?
5.1 Data we collect will be used by Studio Enso and/or Enso Wedding Photography to enable us to provide our services and products to you.
5.2 Contact data (e-mail addresses) may be used to send you direct offers from Studio Enso and/or Enso Wedding Photography about upcoming promotions or newsletters. These can be unsubscribed from at any time.
5.3 Studio Enso and/or Enso Wedding Photography may internally analyse data for business and forecast purposes.
5.4 Studio Enso and/or Enso Wedding Photography has a legitimate interest in using images taken in relation to your booking and may use these images in the following ways (note, clients are free to refuse the use of these images at any time):
On social media for promotion & advertising purposesOn our website for promotion & advertising purposesFor marketing materials (business stationery, flyers, business cards etc)For publications/print
6. Who will it be shared with?
6.1 We take your privacy very seriously. We do not sell your data to third party organisations. There are a few scenarios where some of your data may be shared with third parties to allow us to provide our services to you. These include:
Delivery and Postage Service Providers to allow us to send you documentation and orders you have placed. (Information shared includes Name, Address and in some case e-mail address / mobile number)Manufacturers (our printing labs) if we are sending an order directly to you from a lab. (Information shared includes Name, Address and in some case e-mail address / mobile number)Law Enforcement and Legal Requirements – we will provide data to law enforcement agencies if issued with a court order to do so.
7. How will this affect you?
7.1 We collect, store and process your data in such a way that should have no negative effect on you as an individual.
8. How long is the data stored?
8.1 Most data we collect is stored indefinitely. This is to allow us to provide a better service to you as a customer in the event that you contact us again in the future.
8.2 We are legally obliged to store some data for a minimum amount of time, for example sale order records, payment records etc.
9. Access to stored data.
9.1 If you have any questions about data we hold about you, please feel free to contact us.
9.2 You may request a copy of any data we store about you and we will comply with any requests as per the guidance of the Information Commissioner’s Office.
10. More information.
10.1 If you would like any clarification on how we collect, store or process your data – please contact us directly.
10.2 If you would like further information on the legal guidelines we operate within, or have any concerns about how we use your data, please check the ICO’s website at https://ico.org.uk
11. Our Details
11.1 This business is owned and operated by Naim Alwan, trading as Studio Enso and/or Enso Wedding Photography.
11.2 Our principal place of business is at: 24 Verbena Close, St Mellons, Cardiff, Wales, CF3 0NE
11.3 You can contact us in writing to the above address, or by e-mail to naim@ensoweddingphotography.co.uk
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.ensoweddingphotography.co.uk.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service Privacy Policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Copyright © 2021 Studio Enso all rights reserved | Privacy
PortfoliosExpand child menuExpand
Wedding Photography
Engagement Photography
Videography
Packages
Blog
Contact