FourteenFish Privacy Policy
Menu
Log in
Home
About us
Pricing
Switch to us
Education
Apps
Blog
Partners
Reviews
Events
Jobs board
Log in
Register now
Help centre
Home
About us
Pricing
Switch to us
Education
Apps
Blog
Partners
Reviews
Events
Jobs board
FourteenFish Privacy Policy
Consultation recording tool
We have more specific information for patients or practices in relation to our remote consultation recording tool on our Recorded Consultations page.
When you use our website
We do not collect or store any personal information about you when you visit our site other than when you contact us or create an account.
This website puts small files (known as ‘cookies’) onto your computer to collect information about how you browse the site.
Cookies are used to:
enable us to use analytics software to see how people are using the website
measure how you use the website so it can be updated and improved based on your needs
remember the notifications you’ve seen so that we don’t show them to you again
Find out more about how to manage cookies or see below for more specific information on cookies on this website.
When you contact FourteenFish
When you contact us, you are consenting to us collecting and using any personal information or data that you supply. This includes the name and email address that you use to contact us.
Contacting us does not cause a FourteenFish account to be created.
When you create a FourteenFish account
When you create a FourteenFish account, you are consenting to us collecting and using the personal information and data that you supply.
We collect:
your email address and personal details when you create an account
other information you enter manually via our website or mobile applications
how you use our website, for example which features you have used and which pages you have visited
how you use emails that we send you, for example whether you open them and which links you click on
how you use our apps, for example which features you have used
your IP address, and details of which version of web browser you used
questions, queries or feedback you send when you contact us
This data is used by FourteenFish to:
enable us to provide our services to you
improve our website and apps by monitoring how people use them
gather feedback to improve our services and respond to any feedback you send us
send email notifications to you
send emails about new products and services
provide you with occasional information about our services
send occasional emails about promotions we are offering
allow you to access FourteenFish services and make payments
Sometimes we’ll send you emails about your account, service notifications, or new policies. You can’t opt out of this type of “transactional” email unless you delete your account. But you can opt out of non-transactional emails such as news about product updates, new services, promotions, and activity notifications through the  Privacy on My Account or by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of all of these emails.
We won’t ever email you to ask for your password or other account information. If you receive such an email, please send it to us so we can investigate.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your device by a web server which enables a website to facilitate your ongoing access to and use of a website. When you log in to FourteenFish, two cookies get stored on your computer which keep you logged in to the website.
We use Google Analytics software to collect information about how you use FourteenFish. We do this to help make sure the site is meeting the needs of its users and to help us make improvements, for example improving site search.
Google Analytics stores information about:
the pages you visit on FourteenFish
how long you spend on each FourteenFishpage
how you got to the site
what you click on while you’re visiting the site
We do not collect or store your personal information (for example your name, email or address) so this information can’t be used to identify who you are.
You can opt out of Google Analytics cookies if you want.
Where your data is stored
We store your data on secure servers in London in the United Kingdom. We retain your data indefinitely, and you have the right at any time to request a copy of the data we hold about you.
We use the Mailgun platform to send you email alerts, who have staff based outside the European Economic Area (EEA). We have strict controls over what data we send to them, and they only have limited access to some parts of your data. Mailgun stores details about any emails we have sent in the last 30 days on their servers, but not the actual content of the emails. Mailgun is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield framework. When you sign up for an account, you agree to emails being sent to you in this way.
By submitting your personal data, you are giving us permission to share your data with these third parties as described.
Keeping your data secure
We ensure that all data to and from our website is encrypted using TLS 1.2 which prevents anyone reading or tampering with the data while it is in transit. Any data you send is at your own risk. We have procedures and security features in place to keep your data secure once we receive it.
FourteenFish is ISO 27001 certified and audited by the British Assessment Bureau on an annual basis.
Disclosing your information
We may pass on your personal information if we have a legal obligation to do so, including exchanging information with government departments for legal reasons.
If you are a trainee using our learning resources, and they have been provided by an educational body or private organisation, we provide access to authorised individuals within these organisations to view your package usage and engagement statistics, as well as your module and test scores.
We won’t ever share your information with any other organisations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes, and we don’t pass on your details to other websites.
Your rights
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, and you can request that we delete your account and any data we hold about you by using the Privacy page in My Account. You can also request a copy of any and all data that we hold about you. If you wish to do this, please raise a support ticket with the words "Subject access request" in the title.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority if you feel that your rights have not been upheld.
Further information about your rights can be found at:  GDPR rights
If you’ve created an account and receive emails from us, you can unsubscribe at any time. This will stop you receiving general emails about our products and services, but it will not stop you receiving transactional emails that are necessary as part of the service we provide to you.
Links to other websites
FourteenFish contains hyperlinks to other third party websites.
If you go to another website from this one, it is important that you read the privacy policy on that website to find out what it does with your information, as their policies may differ from ours.
Products
Appraisal Toolkit
Surveys
GP Library
Pass the AKT
Pass the RCA
Communities
NMC Revalidation
FFARMS
Information
Pricing
Partner API
Privacy Policy
Recorded Consultations
Terms of Service
Apps
GP Library
Portfolio
Web clipper
Help and support
Contact us
Help centre
01794 231414
Connect with us
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Legal
UK company number 8223683
VAT: GB 168 8175 63
© Copyright 2021
Security certification
View our ISO 27001 certificate