Online Converter - Convert Image, Video, Audio, & Document Files
My Files
0
Converters
Image Converter Video Converter Audio Converter Document Converter Ebook Converter Unit Converter
Tools
File Compressors Video CompressorCompress PDF ImprovedCompress JPEGCompress PNGImage CompressorGIF CompressorMP3 CompressorWAV CompressorConverters Video to MP3PDF converterVideo to GIFMP4 to GIFWebM to GIFGIF to MP4Video Tools Crop VideoVideo TrimmerPricing
Log In
Sign Up
Sign Up
Log In
My Files
0
X
Privacy policy
This policy sets out FreeConvert's privacy practices in connection
with all services provided by us. FreeConvert aims to protect your
privacy when you use our services and communicate with us. We take
the protection of privacy very seriously and have several measures
in place to ensure that your information remains secure and
private. As defined by various privacy regulations, you should be
informed that FreeConvert is the Data Controller of your
information.
In the question and answer section outlined below, we have
answered several questions regarding our privacy practices. These
answers should explain how we protect your information, and your
rights regarding your personal information.
If you have provided us with personal data of other individuals or
organizations (such as colleagues for example), please make sure
they understand our privacy policy. Furthermore, please only
provide us their data if you are explicitly authorized to do so.
This privacy policy has been drafted bearing in mind data
regulations such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR). If you have further questions regarding any aspect of our
privacy policy, please contact us using the information provided
at the bottom of this page.
Questions and Answers
1. What personal data does FreeConvert collect through its
website?
Short version: We collect data that is necessary
to provide our services to you or data that can help us improve
our services to you.
Upon visiting our website, FreeConvert collects your IP address
and stores it in our
MLab database. MLab is a
platform for hosting databases and is owned by Atlassian. Various
third-party services that we work with also collect your personal
data. This is described in much more detail below.
1.1 Account Short version: If you purchase a subscription
plan, your personal account data is stored in our database.
When you pay for a subscription plan and create an account with
us, we store your email address, name, billing address, encrypted
password, subscription plan, payment method, card country, IP
address and a unique customer ID, in our database. We also store
your VAT number and/or company name, if applicable.
If you pay for a subscription plan and choose social sign-in (e.g.
'sign in with Google' or 'sign in with Facebook'), FreeConvert
also receives and stores your name, email address and a unique ID
associated with your social media account. To better understand
how Facebook and Google use your data, please review their privacy
policies accordingly.
1.2 Payment Short version: Your payment details are stored in
Stripe, Braintree, and PayPal. We never receive your full credit
card details. We use Stripe or
PayPal to process all our payments. More specifically, your
payment details are stored with either Stripe or PayPal so that we
can charge you in the future.
Any information you provide to Stripe or Braintree/PayPal will be
managed by those services in accordance with their privacy
policies. For further information, please review their privacy
policies in order to understand how they manage your data. If you
choose to pay with a credit card, the credit card details are sent
directly to Stripe or PayPal. We never receive the full credit
card number. Instead, we can only see the last 4 digits of the
credit card.
We store information regarding your subscription plan in Braintree
and Stripe including the plan, billing date, current billing
cycle, and paid-through date. We store information regarding your
subscription plan in PayPal including the payer email address (for
PayPal), the payer name, transaction type, amount, time, and
status.
1.3 File storage Short version: We store all customer files on
Amazon Web Services (Ireland) and our own dedicated servers
located in the EU and USA.
We store all user files (including uploaded files, converted
files, edited files, images, and signature images) on
Amazon Web Services
("AWS")'s Simple Storage Service (S3) or on our own dedicated
servers, based in Ireland, Germany, Finland, and the USA.
Note that we do not access or view your files. We will only access
or view your files with your explicit and written consent unless
such action is necessary to comply with legal procedures. You
retain all rights and ownership of your files.
1.4 Email Short version: We send our emails via MailGun.
We use Mailgun to send emails
to you and anyone to who you send files through FreeConvert.
Within Mailgun we can see information including your name, your
email address, the email address of the recipient, and your
company name. We can also see which emails we have sent to you,
which emails you have opened and whether you have clicked on any
links. If you would like to stop receiving emails from us, you can
unsubscribe directly through a link in the email.
1.5 Performance monitoring Short version: We use Sentry.io to monitor our
systems.
In order to track JavaScript errors, we use
Sentry. If an error is detected,
Sentry saves the error information as well as information
including your browser type, operating system, screen size and IP
address. Note that some of the services above use cookies, which
are addressed in the question relating to cookies below.
1.6 Fraud detection Short version: We use MinFraud in order to reduce
fraudulent payment activity.
In order to minimize fraudulent payments, we use
MinFraud
(by MaxMind) in order to assess the risk of accepting payment.
MinFraud receives the IP address, proxy, or anonymizer data (e.g.
such as the use of a VPN), email address, device information,
billing address, and credit card details (excluding the full
credit card number) in order to assess the risk of fraudulent
payment.
1.7 User feedback and support Short version: Customer support services we use,
namely HotJar, receive personal data from you voluntarily.
Services we use to provide feedback and services,
currently, HotJar, do
not actively collect your personal data.
1.8 Information collected through your browser automatically
We may track this information using cookies, web beacons, tags and
scripts, software development kits (or SDKs), and beyond. We track
and store data about how you visit and use FreeConvert Services.
The items we log include:
Your IP address Your location Your operating system Your browser Your browser language
The URLs of any pages you visit on our sites and apps
Device identifiers Advertising identifiers Other usage information.
We combine this data with other information we collect about you.
If your browser doesn’t accept our cookies, you can’t
access certain parts of our websites (e.g., your account on
freeconvert.com). Because the “Do Not Track”
browser-based standard signal has yet to gain widespread
acceptance, we don’t currently respond to those signals. We
however respond to the
Global Privacy Control
in certain territories, such as Europe and California.
2. How does FreeConvert keep my personal data secure? Short version: We take many steps in order to
ensure your data is as safe as possible.
FreeConvert takes several measures in order to ensure your data is
kept secure and private.
Firstly, only authorized staff have access to your data. All staff
who have access to your information are required to adhere to this
privacy policy and global privacy regulations regulating Data
Controllers (such as GDPR).
To ensure that your data remains secure, the company only stores
data with world-class service providers (such as Amazon Web
Services) and has measures to prevent unauthorized access (such as
hacking).
Lastly, all communications between user devices and our systems
are encrypted with SSL. Any stored passwords are also encrypted in
our database.
3. What does FreeConvert use my personal data for? Short version: We use your personal data in order
to provide you a service. We take care to ensure your privacy.
Our goal in collecting personal data is to ensure both adequate
support and to continuously improve our products. More
specifically, any information collected from you will only be used
for:
Enabling you to use our free plan Creating and managing your paid account
Enabling you to pay for your subscription plan and sales taxes
Storing your files on cloud servers Sending you email messages
Monitoring our service in order to improve the product
Detecting payment fraud
Providing customer support via live chat and tickets
Enabling us to serve you personalized Ads We Allow for Personalized Advertising on FreeConvert.com and
Create Audiences for Third-Party Advertisers.
We gather data and work with third parties to show you
personalized ads on behalf of advertisers. This data comes from ad
tracking technologies set by us or the third party (e.g.,
cookies), the information you provide (e.g., your email address),
your use of freeConvert.com Services (e.g., your browsing
history), information from advertisers or advertising vendors
(e.g., demographic data) and anything inferred from any of this
information. We only use or share this information in a manner
that does not reveal your identity. For example, we use Google to
serve ads on FreeConvert.com. Google uses cookies or unique device
identifiers, in combination with their own data, to show you ads
based on you visiting FreeConvert.com and other sites. You can
opt-out of the use of the Google cookie by visiting the
related Google privacy policy.
We also identify groups of users to whom to serve personalized ads
on behalf of our advertisers. To do this, we use the information
we collect automatically using tracking technologies while you
browse our sites and apps. This data is then used to measure
users’ attributes, like their demographic information or
their interests. Working with service providers, we use these
measurements to group users by common attributes. Each group is
associated with a random ID which is then passed to our ad server
for use in targeted ad campaigns on our sites and apps.
Additional notes:
For more about targeted advertising, and how to opt-out with
your specific browser and device, go to the
DAA Web choices Browser Check
and
NAI Opt Out of Interest-Based Advertising. You can
download the AppChoices app
to opt-out in mobile apps.
We try to limit how our third-party advertising technology
vendors use the information they gather from you. Many of these
providers require us to enter into contracts that allow them to
optimize their own services and products, or that help them
create their own. Essentially, these providers combine any
information they gather about you through FreeConvert.com with
the information they receive from their other clients. This
helps them target ads to you on behalf of their other clients,
not just us.
Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads
based on a user's prior visits to your website or other
websites.
Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners
to serve ads to you based on your visit to FreeConvert.com
and/or other sites on the Internet.
You may opt-out of personalized advertising by visiting
Ads Settings.
(Alternatively, you can opt-out of third-party vendor's use of
cookies for personalized advertising by visiting
www.aboutads.info.)
4. With whom does FreeConvert share my personal data, and why?
Short version: We only share your personal data
with others in order to provide you a service. We never sell your
data to any third party.
FreeConvert will never sell your data to any third-party business
unless you provide us with explicit permission to do so.
FreeConvert earns revenue exclusively from the sale of its premium
subscription plans and desktop software. While FreeConvert may
share your data with third parties, it will only do so only under
the following circumstances:
We may supply your information to law enforcement agencies if we
are required to do so by applicable law, or (in our good faith
judgment) if such action is reasonably necessary to comply with
legal procedures, to respond to any legal claims or actions, or
to protect the rights of FreeConvert or its customers.
5. How can I view, update, or delete my personal data held by
FreeConvert?
Short version: If you would like to view, update,
or delete your personal data, please contact us.
You have the right to view, update, or delete any of your personal
data that is held by us. Please contact us at
support@freeconvert.com. We will respond as soon as possible. For
users without an account (that is, free plan users), most files
uploaded to FreeConvert are automatically and permanently deleted
after 24 hours. You also have the option of permanently deleting
the files manually before they are automatically deleted. Note
that if you share a file with a third party (by requesting a
signature, for example), the file will be stored on our server for
longer than 24 hours.
6. Where and how does FreeConvert store my files? Short version: We store all files on AWS.
All files uploaded to FreeConvert are stored with Amazon Web
Services ("AWS") or our own dedicated servers located in Germany,
Finland, and the USA. By storing files on AWS, FreeConvert can
offer world-class security while complying with global privacy
regulations.
Note that we do not access or view your files. We will only access
or view your files with your explicit and written consent unless
such action is necessary to comply with legal procedures. You
retain all rights and ownership of your files.
7. Which countries are my personal data being sent to and why?
Short version: We transfer your personal data
outside of the United States while ensuring that your data is
protected regardless of location.
When you use our service, your personal data may be transferred to
other countries such as the United States of America, member
states of the European Union, and the United Kingdom. We only
store your data in countries that are considered adequate as per
GDPR regulations. Furthermore, we take care to ensure that your
personal data is protected to a high standard regardless of its
ultimate location.
8. How and why does FreeConvert use cookies (or tracking
technology)?
Short version: FreeConvert and some services we
work with use cookies in order to provide our service to you.
Without the use of cookies, we would not be able to provide our
service. FreeConvert uses two types of cookies: a session cookie
and a 1-month cookie. Session cookies are saved in temporary
memory and deleted once you close your browser. They are used by
FreeConvert to 'remember' any changes you applied to a particular
web page during a session (e.g. saving changes to a file).
A 1-month cookie is used to enable you to use your free plan
without the need to create an account. This particular cookie
stores information such as (1) how many credits you have used
during the 1-month period, and (2) what files you have worked with
during this time. Cookies used by FreeConvert do not collect
personally identifiable information. Without the use of cookies,
we would not be able to provide our free plan.
However, we also use a few third-party services that use cookies.
These include:
MinFraud: minimizing payment fraud
Cloudflare: mitigating DDoS attacks by identifying trusted web
traffic
Google Analytics: analyzing user behavior on our website
New Relic: monitoring the performance of our systems
HotJar: user feedback on our website
Twitter: enabling users to share our service on Twitter
Facebook: enabling users to like and share our service on
Facebook
Third-party services do not receive personal data from
FreeConvert, but they may track your usage on our website and
combine this data from other websites you have visited.
9. How does FreeConvert manage social media privacy? Short version: Many users share, follow, and like
our services on social media, which has privacy implications.
FreeConvert encourages users to share, follow, and like our
services on social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, and
Reddit. Users should know that such engagement may allow social
media companies to track user activity. Accordingly, please review
the specific privacy policies of
Facebook, Twitter, and
Reddit.
10. Why does FreeConvert track my behavior and its own systems?
Short version: We track various aspects of our
business in order to improve our service to you.
We track user behavior (this does not include viewing/accessing
your files), our system metrics, and any errors, in order to
improve our service and minimize errors. To the maximum extent
possible, we minimize the collection of personal data in order to
maintain your privacy.
11. How long does FreeConvert keep my personal information? Short version: We only keep your personal
information for as long as legally necessary.
For users without an account (that is, free plan users), most
files uploaded to FreeConvert are automatically and permanently
deleted after 24 hours. You also have the option of permanently
deleting the files manually before they are automatically deleted.
Note that if you share a file with a third party (by requesting a
signature, for example), the file will be stored on our server for
longer than 24 hours.
For customers with a subscription plan, files are stored
indefinitely. You have the option of permanently deleting the
files manually at any time.
With regard to your personal data, we will delete your personal
data in an identifiable form a maximum of three years after it is
no longer necessary. However, we are obligated by Canadian law to
maintain transaction and invoice data for a minimum period of 6
years.
12. Can FreeConvert change the terms of this Privacy Policy?
Short version: Yes, this Privacy Policy is
subject to change.
As privacy regulations mature and as our product improves, please
note that FreeConvert reserves the right to update this Privacy
Policy. Please regularly check this page for the latest version of
our policies.
13. What are my legal rights with regard to my personal data?
Short version: Your rights are guaranteed based
on global and local privacy regulations such as GDPR. For further
details, please see our full list of
Terms and Conditions.
You have the right to access, update, and delete any personal data
that is held by us. Furthermore, you have the right to restrict
our processing or transfer of your personal data to another data
controller (that is, data portability rights). You must prove your
identity (by providing a copy of an identity document, for
example) in order to exercise these rights.
Please note, however, that we may not always be able to comply
with your requests where we have statutory obligations ourselves.
If exercising your rights is in conflict with your contractual
obligations to FreeConvert, this may result in premature contract
termination or other costs. In this case, we will inform you in
advance.
Lastly, you may also enforce your rights in court or lodge a
complaint with the relevant authority. For further details, please
see our
Terms and Conditions
page.
14. Why do I have to accept the terms outlined in this Privacy
Policy?
Short version: You agree to accept the terms by
using our service.
FreeConvert collects data when you use our service. The nature of
our service means that we process and transmit your data across
borders. This Privacy Policy is designed to notify you with all
the necessary information in an easy format. We hope that you can
make an informed choice prior to using our service or
communicating with us. Therefore, by using our service, you agree
to the processing of your personal data according to the terms
established in this document.
If you have questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy,
please do not hesitate to contact us at support@freeconvert.com.
We will be happy to assist you.
X
Popular Conversions PDF to JPG JPG to PDF MP4 to MP3 PNG to JPG PNG to ICO WAV to MP3 PNG to PDF M4A to MP3 Time Converters PST to EST PDT to EST UTC to EST CST to EST GMT to EST EST to PST PST to CST EST to CST about Contact About Us Donate
legal privacy ToS
© 2021 FreeConvert.com