Gartic Phone - The Telephone GameWe value your privacy!We and our partners are using technologies like cookies and process personal data like the IP-address or browser information in order to personalize the advertising that you see. This helps us to show you more relevant ads and improves your internet experience. We also use it in order to measure results or align our website content. Because we value your privacy, we are herewith asking for your permission to use these technologies. You can always change/withdraw your consent later by clicking on the settings button on the left lower corner of the page.Store and/or access information on a devicePersonalised ads and content, ad and content measurement, audience insights and product development Accept allSettingsSave + ExitCustomize your choice | Cookies | Learn moreHOMEPRIVACY1. DATA USAGE2. COOKIES3. OTHER PROVISIONSDATA USAGEIn this Privacy Policy, "data" means every data that we only collect for purposes of analysis inherent in the nature of the Service and interests for marketing purposes.- Data we may collect when you use our Service:- Data about your location, device type, operating system, and used platform;- data about your computer's browser version, operating system version, page load time, network, generated device identifier information, unique browser id, reference source, and IP address;- the number of times you visit our Services and the amount of time you spend using the Services.We can use your data in the following ways:- To ensure that you comply with our terms;- To improve the Services, analyze and report purposes, and provide technical support or answer your questions. This also includes using data to record any failure in our provision of the Services, so that we can report such interruptions;- To provide contextualized ads that are of your interest;- To allow you to browse the Services easily.We will only retain the data as long as it is relevant and useful for the purpose that it was initially collected for, and when is required by law.The data we collect from you may be transferred and stored at a destination outside the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area ("EEA"), such as the USA. This transfer is required to host the Services, provide support services, perform backups of your data, and allow you to use the Services.We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you use our Service. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number) about your visits to this website, or other websites to provide advertisements about products and services of your interest.These are the companies that process data on our behalf, and they cannot use it for their independent purposes.- Google AdManager (https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en-US)- Google- Google Analytics (https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en)- Adinplay (https://adinplay.com/privacy-and-cookies-policy/)