Privacy Notice | trac.jobs
Skip to main content
HealthJobsUK
Cymraeg
Jobs
Employer search
My account
Please wait, loading
Privacy noticeAt Civica UK Ltd we take data privacy very seriously and we are committed to protecting
and respecting the rights of all individuals. We are dedicated to ensuring the confidentiality and
privacy of information entrusted to us and aspire to be transparent when we collect and use personal data.This privacy notice relates to apps.trac.jobs, healthjobsuk.com, nhsjobs.com
and nursingnetuk.com. Civica UK Ltd is the data controller for all of these domains.
Civica UK Ltd is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office, with registration number
Z5268164.You may contact dataprotection@trac.systems for any account administration requests,
e.g. if you need to make an enquiry, make a request for your personal information held as part of
this candidate account, or to arrange for any mistakes to be corrected.If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Notice or how we handle personal data,
please direct your correspondence either to the below postal address (marking the envelope FAO –
Data Protection Officer), or to DPO@Civica.co.uk.What we doThrough this and our other domains, we operate and provide a job posting platform which you are
able to use to view and apply for jobs.Civica UK Ltd provide an application tracking system along with back office recruitment support
services to employers own recruitment teams, e.g. for advertising roles, setting up interviews,
sending offer letters and supporting with the completion of some employment checks.Information that we collectAs part of your Profile, your basic personal and contact details:
NameAddressEmail addressTelephone numbers
This information is required in order for us to set up and administer your account and to
successfully on-board you into a role. Any changes made here will be applied to all of your applications
so your prospective employers can contact you.As part of your Account settings:
Preferred language
As part of your Online CV:
Details of your qualificationsDetails of your employmentSupporting information
The online CV is a tool to help you streamline the application process.
If you choose to enter some of these details you can use the data to start an application.
All details entered here are entirely optional, you are not required to enter any of this information
to start an application, or create an account. You can download or clear all data within
your online CV anytime using the 'Download your CV' or 'Clear you CV' buttons.
The entry of this data does not prevent you from deleting your account via the 'Delete your account'
button, and whenever an account is deleted then so will be the data stored in you online CV.You are able to amend these details at any time by logging into your account and accessing
them in the 'Profile' and 'Settings' pages.Our purposesIf you choose to use our services, we will process your personal data so that we can provide
you with a candidate account. Some of the information requested at the registration stage is optional.Our lawful basis for processing data to set up your account is legitimate interest.We may, from time to time, send you promotional material via email. This is limited to
our ‘Jobs by Email’ service, in which you can opt-in to receive daily or weekly email alerts about
newly-added jobs.Our lawful basis for processing your data for direct marketing purposes is your consent.We may also from time to time send you service related emails to notify you of the progress of an application you have made, as well as any essential account information.Disclosure and Barring Service (DBS) checksIf your application is successful, we may need to contact you in order for you to complete
a basic standard or enhanced DBS check, if the role requires it. We do this under our obligation
as a Registered Body for the Disclosure and Barring Service, in which we ‘countersign’
applications before they are submitted.When performing our countersignature service, we will collect the following information:
Your answers to the questions on the DBS disclosure form.The electronic form application reference and disclosure number.The status of the application at the DBS and timestamps for when we were notified of that status.Whether or not the employer should expect you to bring them a disclosure for checking.
We do not receive the completed certificate. This will be sent to you directly by the DBS.
We do not store this information for longer than six monthsOur lawful basis for processing your data for these purposes is our legitimate interest.How long do we store your information?You can delete your candidate account at any time. We will remove your account if it remains
inactive for longer than 730 days, unless there are applications associated with this.We retain application forms submitted through our service for 400 days, or 200 days after
your proposed or actual start date, whichever is the greater. Sharing InformationWe will never sell your data to third parties. We do however share your contact details
with the organisations you have made an application to.We also use third party data processors who provide marketing, marketing automation and
lead-generation services for us. We have contracts in place with our data processors.
This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have
instructed them to do it. They will not share your personal information with any organisation
and they will hold it securely and retain it for the period we instruct.The legal basis for sharing these data is our legitimate interest in cost effectively marketing our business.International TransfersCivica UK Ltd operates and provides services from its locations across the globe.
As such we may transfer personal information to Civica group locations outside of the EEA when we
have a business reason to do so. We have Intra-Group Transfer Protocols in place based on
Standard Contract Clauses which provide legal safeguards for such transfers.Your RightsYour right of access – You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information. This right always applies. There are some exemptions, which means you may not always receive all the information we process.Your right to rectification – You have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete. This right always applies.Your right to erasure – You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances.Your right to restriction of processing – You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances.Your right to object to processing – You have the right to object to processing if we are using legitimate interests as our lawful basis for processing.Your right to data portability – This only applies to information you have given us. You have the right to ask that we transfer the information you gave us from one organisation to another, or give it to you. The right only applies if we are processing information based on your consent or as part of a contract, or in talks about entering into a contract and the processing is automated.Your right to withdraw consent – You can withdraw your consent that you have previously given to one or more specified purposes to process your personal data. This will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. It may mean we are not able to provide certain products or services to you and we will advise you if this is the case.Rights related requestsWe may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and
ensure your right to access the information or to exercise any of your other rights.
This helps us to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.No fee is required to make a request unless your request is clearly unfounded or excessive.
Depending on the circumstances, we may be unable to comply with your request based on other lawful grounds.How to complainIf you disagree with how we are processing your data, please contact our DPO at
DPO@Civica.co.uk or address your letter to the DPO at the Civica Headquarters address listed in
the ‘Contact Details’ section.You can also complain to the ICO if you are unhappy with how we have used your data. The ICO’s address:Information Commissioner’s OfficeWycliffe HouseWater LaneWilmslowCheshireSK9 5AFHelpline number: 0303 123 1113
Find jobs in...
Find jobs in sector...
Choose a sector...Nursing and MidwiferyMedical and DentalEmergency ServicesAllied Health ProfessionsHealth Science ServicesSupport ServicesAdministrative ServicesDirectorsVolunteersApprenticeships
About this siteContact usAbout usAccessibilityPrivacy noticeTerms and conditions
Our other sites
NursingNetUK
NHSJobs.com
Employers
Intelligent application management
Advertise with us
© Copyright 2021 Civica UK Ltd
Civica UK Ltd