Privacy policy | IBit - Verified Torrent Search Engine
menu
IBit
- Verified Torrent Search Engine
search
clear
Browse
Movies
TV
Music
Games
Software
Anime
Books
Other
Torrents
Popular
Recent
Search Cloud
account_box
Login
Sign Up
IBit
- Verified Torrent Search EngineMoviesTVMusicGamesSoftwareAnimeBooksOtherPopularRecentSearch Cloud
LoginSign Up
Privacy policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for (ibit.to). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this
website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and
with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We will use your information to respond to
you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside
of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about services, or changes
to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from
us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address given on our
website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Third Party Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may
use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits
to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods
and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and
to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize
a unique “cookie” on your browser.
Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive
information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately.
Recommended Links
IBit
Blog - IBit.uno
Mirror 1 - ibit.am
Mirror 2
- AIO
Search -
Torrentz2
2021 IBit - Verified Torrent Search
Engine
Privacy
Policy -
Legal -
Contact -
Spiderman
RSS
keyboard_arrow_up