Privacy Policy - iRacing.com | iRacing.com Motorsport Simulations
Live Now: SimSpeed: Racing Sims V8SCOPS Support Series // Event 10 // Imola Watch iRacing Live Now (1 live)
Sign Up
Sign In
Sign In
Sign Up
Toggle navigation
iRacing.com
Home
About Us
What is iRacing?
Ownership & History
Partners
Awards
Testimonials
Cars & Tracks
Cars
Tracks
Car Technology
Track Technology
Vehicle User Manuals
Features
iRacing Season 03 2021
Racing Disciplines
Official Racing Series
What Comes With Membership?
iRacing AI
eSports Capabilities
Virtual Reality
Leagues
News
iRacing in the News
iRacing News
Developers Blog
Patch/Hotfix Release Notes
Multimedia
Screenshots
Videos
Keyboard Shortcuts: Replay / Camera Controls
Getting Started
Membership
Sign Up!
Members’ Site
System Requirements
Wheels and Controllers
Privacy Policy
Conditions of Use
Competition and Contest Rules
Terms of Use and EULA
iRacing Broadcast Policy
eSports
eNASCAR Coca-Cola iRacing Series
Porsche Tag Heuer Esports Supercup
World of Outlaws Sprint Car Championship
World of Outlaws Late Model Championship
iRX World Championship
Special Events 2021
Shop
iRacing Live
GIFT CARDS NOW AVAILABLE!
Privacy Policy
Updated December 9, 2020
Download PDF
﻿﻿
Read and download the iRacing privacy policy to get vital information about how iRacing handles and maintains user information including without limitation the provisions that permit personally identifiable information to be used for marketing purposes and to be transferred worldwide. iRacing collects some personal information about our users in order to process transactions, to help us understand the use of our product, to contact you for billing, marketing purposes, customer service and other uses. You should thoroughly read the iRacing privacy policy before beginning your iRacing membership, as you must accept its terms before signing up.
Interested in special offers, free giveaways, and news?
Stay In Touch
OFFICIAL PARTNERS:
Quick LinksMembership
Gift Cards
100+ Race Cars
100+ Tracks
Live Race Broadcasts
System Requirements
Getting Started
FAQs
Data Privacy Requests
Accepted Payment Methods
Help
Cookie Settings
About iRacingPress Coverage
Contact
Logos
Business Inquiries
Sporting Code
Privacy Policy
Conditions of Use
Terms of Use and EULA
Competition and Contest Rules
iRacing Broadcast Policy
Job Opportunities
Thanks for signing up!
You can unsubscribe at any time using the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email.
Sign up to get interesting news and updates delivered to your inbox.
Email
First Name
Sorry, we could not complete your sign-up. Please contact us to resolve this.
Operation timed out, please try again.
By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: iRacing.com, 34 Crosby Dr, Bedford, MA, 01730, US, http://www.iracing.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email.
Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.
SIGN UP
Terms
By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: iRacing.com, 300 Apollo Dr., Chelmsford, MA, 01824, US, http://www.iracing.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email.
Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.
Performance Cookies
Google Analytics
We use analytics to determine how users use our website and look for opportunities within these datasets to improve our site design.
Functional Cookies
Hide SMS Form
This is an internally generated cookie that we use to hide our SMS form if our users have signed up or indicated they are not interested receiving SMS notifications. It is there to improve your site experience by saving your preferences.
Marketing Cookies
Adroll Pixel
We use this pixel to run digital marketing campaigns across other websites. This basically just lets us know you are interested in iRacing!
Marketing Tracking
We use this cookie to see what our users do after they click on an ad. This helps us understand how effective our marketing campaigns are in leading to product purchases.
Facebook Pixel
This allows us to make our Facebook ads more targeted to our ideal audience. It basically lets us know what kinds of customers are interested in iRacing before targeting these types of customers on the Facebook platform.
Enhance Your Experience with Cookies
We use cookies to improve your site experience. Customize your cookie preferences below.
Performance Cookies
See All Cookies
These cookies gather data on how visitors use this website – which pages are visited most often, for example.
Functional Cookies
See All Cookies
These cookies remember website preferences and generally improve the performance of the site for the user.
Marketing Cookies
See All Cookies
These cookies are used to provide a customized experience and can be used to provide targeted ads through advertising networks.
You have successfully updated your cookie settings.
Accept All Cookies
Save Cookie Settings
Copyright © 2021 iRacing.com Motorsport Simulations, LLC. All Rights Reserved.