Terms and Conditions | JYSK
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience of our website and to create targeted advertising. Accept required cookies only.
Read more about our use of cookies.
OK
Customer Service
GREAT OFFERS
Find store
Log in
0
Basket
Your basket is empty
Basket
Your basket is empty
BedroomAir BedsBed BasesBed FramesBed ThrowsBedside TablesBunk Beds/Cabin BedsChest of DrawersClothes RailsDivan BasesDuvet Cover SetsDuvetsFolding BedsHallway BenchesHeadboardsMattress ToppersMattressesMirrorsPillowcasesPillowsSheetsSofabedsWardrobesGift cardBathroomBath MatsBathrobes/SlippersBathroom EquipmentLaundryMirrorsMiscellaneousShower CurtainsTowelsGift cardOfficeBkcases/Room DividerDesks/Computer DesksGaming ChairsOffice ChairsOffice Misc.ShelvesGift cardLiving RoomArmchairsBkcases/Room DividerCoffee/End TablesConsole TablesFurniture Care/Acc.PouffesShelvesSideboards/CabinetsSofabedsSofasTV BenchesGift cardDining RoomBar Tables/StoolsBenchesBkcases/Room DividerChest of DrawersConsole TablesDining ChairsDining SetsDining TablesFold. Chairs/StoolsShelvesSideboards/CabinetsGift cardStorageBaskets Etc.Bedside TablesBkcases/Room DividerChest of DrawersClothes RailsConsole TablesHallway UnitsHangersMisc.ShelvesShoe StorageSideboards/CabinetsWardrobesGift cardCurtains/BlindsAccessories/ToolsCurtain PolesReady-Made CurtainsRoller BlindsSewing AccessoriesVenetian BlindsVertical BlindsGift cardGardenAir BedsCool BagsGarden AccessoriesGarden ChairsGarden CushionsGarden TablesGazebosHammocksIndoor/Outdoor RugsLamps and LanternsLounge FurnitureLounge SetsOutdoor StorageParasols Etc.PlantersSleeping BagsSolar LightsTentsTrampolinesGift cardHomewareBed ThrowsCleaning Misc.CushionsDecorationDoormatsHidesHousewares miscKids FurnitureKids ProductsLaundryLightingMirrorsRugsSeat PadsTable LinenTea TowelsThrowsGift cardGift cardOutlet
CATEGORY DAYS | SAVE UP TO 60% ON MORE THAN 1200 ITEMS | ENDS SUNDAY
SEE ALL OFFERS
Home
Terms and Conditions
Wish list(0)
Terms and Conditions
The following sales and delivery terms apply for all purchases made in a JYSK UK store or on JYSK.co.uk for delivery throughout the United Kingdom (excluding Northern Ireland). All purchase agreements in a JYSK UK store or on JYSK.co.uk are to be made in English. Purchasers must be 18 years of age or older to purchase certain items in a JYSK UK store and on JYSK.co.uk.
Company Reg.: 6336261
VAT: 917824307
Last updated: 2021-08-10
1. PRICE OF THE PRODUCTS
The price of the individual item is listed in the item overview, on the item page, and in the shopping basket.
Due to unforeseen or exceptional circumstances, such as selling out or exceptionally long delivery timescales, JYSK might be forced to end some campaign pricing earlier than advertised, this will be communicated to customers if the case.
The price of the individual item in a JYSK UK store and on JYSK.co.uk does not differ (unless there are special promotional in store offers for new store openings).
The price of the individual item includes VAT and excise duties
The price of the individual item does not include freight costs as the freight costs depend on the delivery. See our delivery details here.
The availability and cost of JYSK UK's products are subject to sold-out situations as well as printing and pricing errors. This applies for both printed offers (in advertising supplements and catalogues) and any information on JYSK.co.uk. In the event of a pricing error, we will correct it as quickly as possible.
All prices are current and are updated on a regular basis. In exceptional circumstances a campaign might have to be ended early, therefore the ‘Valid Until’ price is shown as guidance only.
It is the price of the item at the time of purchase that you have to pay.
Price Guarantee. Read more
If, by mistake, we have underpriced an item, we will not be liable to supply that item to you at the stated price, provided that we notify you before we dispatch the item to you. In those circumstances, we reserve the right to cancel your order. In the event we cancel your order, we will give you a full refund on any amount already paid including freight costs in accordance with our Return and Exchange Policy.
Price guarantee
It is important to us that you feel safe before, during and after your purchase at JYSK. That is why we offer Price guarantee on all our items.
If you find an item that you have purchased at JYSK at a cheaper price (at JYSK or in another store) within 30 days after your purchase, we will refund the price difference on a gift card. You can use the gift card in a UK JYSK store or on JYSK.co.uk. We are matching prices from all UK physical stores as well as UK online stores.
Conditions for the Price guarantee:
JYSK matches the price on all identical items. See also "Exceptions" below
The Price guarantee claim must be made within 30 days from date of purchase or delivery
The price to be matched must be effective at the time that the Price guarantee claim is made
You must be able to present proof of purchase from JYSK
You must be able to present documentation from the competitor. E.g. a campaign paper, a link to the offer or similar
Exceptions:
Items that are not identical are not covered by the Price guarantee. The product must be the same model and have the same technical specifications, including the same brand/manufacturer, same colour, same dimensions, same accessories, same size, same content etc. - thus a 100 % identical product.
The Price guarantee does not cover remaining lots, opening and reopening offers, exhibition models, special orders or season-end sale.
The Price guarantee does not cover services such as delivery, special offers on freight etc.
The Price guarantee applies only to private purchases.
Please get in touch with Customer service or visit one of our stores to make use of the Price guarantee.
2. PAYMENT
Credit and debit card
In the shopping basket you will see the total price of your purchase, including VAT and freight costs. This is the total purchase price.
You can pay for products purchased on JYSK.co.uk with the following debit/credit cards:
Visa
MasterCard
JCB
Maestro
When you pay by credit card, you are protected against fraud/faulty goods with no self-risk. Credit card protection helps you get a full refund from your credit provider.
Your payment is completed using a secure and encrypted connection to ensure that your payment information cannot be accessed by an unauthorised third party. Your payment is guaranteed through our payment partner. We guarantee that we will not save any credit card information on our own server. Furthermore, JYSK UK cannot access any of this credit card information at any time.
You will be asked to provide the following information:
Card number (16 digits printed on the front of your card)
Expiry date (printed on the front of your card)
Security code (3 digit security code printed on the back of your card, above the magnetic strip farthest to the right)
3. ORDER CONFIRMATION
When you have sent your order, you will receive an email with an order confirmation. The order confirmation contains information about:
your order
the delivery address
payment method
delivery timescale
price(s)
JYSK UK Customer Service contact information
your right of return and exchange and consumer protection rights.
Your order is only an offer to buy from us. Please note that this order confirmation email is not to be considered as being final acceptance of your order by JYSK UK.
Nothing that we do or say will amount to any acceptance of your offer until we send you an email notifying you that we have dispatched an item to you. At this point, a contract will be made between us for you to buy and for us to sell the item that you have ordered from us.
We do not take payment from your account until we have dispatched your goods and you receive an invoice from us stating that your order has been dispatched to our UK transport carrier. At the time of placing your order the payment will be shown as ‘pending’ on your account.
Once the contract is made, you cannot amend your order (however, you may cancel an order as set out in our Return and Exchange Policy).
At any point up until the contract is made, we may decline to supply an item to you. If we decline to supply an item to you and has payment already taken place, we will give you a full refund of any amount already paid for that item in accordance with our Return and Exchange Policy.
We try to ensure that we always stock the full product range and we will advise you if the item is out of stock. If for any reason beyond our reasonable control we are unable to supply a particular item, we will not be liable to you except to ensure that you are not charged for that item.
In the interests of all our customers, we may place restrictions on bulk buying of some products. If you try to bulk buy products that have bulk buying restrictions you will receive a message telling you to reduce the number of items, you are trying to buy.
If you would like us to resend your order confirmation, please contact Customer Service.
4. INVOICE
Upon shipment of your order, the email invoice contains information about
your order
the delivery address
payment method
delivery timescale
price(s)
JYSK UK Customer Service contact information
your right of return and exchange and consumer protection rights
Any item care instructions will be attached to the email invoice. If your item is under guarantee, this will be stated on the invoice, thus also serving as your proof of guarantee. In case you have entered your mobile phone number during the checkout, you will receive an SMS message when we have shipped your order.
It is also at this stage that we will take the payment from your account, the funds will move from ‘pending’ and show as a transaction on your statement.
5. FREIGHT
1. Click & Collect – reserve a product in a store
Click & Collect is offered for all products available in our JYSK Stores. You can make a Click & Collect reservation online for a store of your choice. You will receive a confirmation of reservation message within 30 minutes of placing your order.
You can make a Click & Collect reservation online for a store of your choice. You will receive a confirmation of reservation message within 30 minutes of placing your order.
You must collect the reservation within the next 2 days after the confirmation has been send by SMS – The order will be paid in store once when you collect.
Please note: Our ONLINE ONLY assortment is not available for Click & Collect. See our delivery services below.
2. Online ordering - delivery to a JYSK store
Our stores hold a large number of items in stock but not all our articles on our website is available in the store to collect. Our online store has a larger assortment available for all our customers.
That is why JYSK can offer you to place an order online to be delivered from our distribution center in Denmark directly to a JYSK store of your choice. Once the order is received and handled by our store staff, you will get contacted to arrange collection.
Please note:
Delivery time from ordering to the order is ready for collection is up to 20 working days.
Delivery to a JYSK store is only available if your basket has a total value of £170 or more.
The order has to be collected within 7 days after we have notified that the order is ready.
For safety reasons our store staff holds the right not to carry any orders out to your vehicle – Please make sure you can carry the complete order to your vehicle yourself or make sure to bring someone to help.
We ask all customers to wear a facemask on collection ad to keep a safe distance.
3. Online ordering - delivery to address (delivery cost apply)
In JYSK we can offer you a home delivery service to an address of your choice. Our parcel couriers and cargo couriers deliver to all mainland UK addresses (England, Wales, Scotland).
The delivery service and price will depend on the order volume, weight and delivery area. Once you place the product in your basket, our webstore will calculate your delivery service and price.
We will provide order/delivery updates via SMS messages. Please ensure you provide a valid mobile telephone number.
Please ensure all your contact details are correct on the order confirmation. If you have made a mistake, please contact JYSK Customer Service via our Live Chat or visit our Customer Service contact page.
Please note: All deliveries will be shipped from JYSK Distribution Center in Denmark.
Parcel delivery: Small light orders - e.g. duvets, towels and bed linen
Delivery charges from £3.99
Delivery time: 7-10 working days
Standard front door delivery on all orders
You will receive an e-mail and SMS with a Track & Trace number for you to follow once your order is received at the courier depot. Our courier will also keep you updated on your delivery via SMS.
You will receive an email with an invoice once your order is dispatched from Denmark. Payment for your order will be captured on the day of dispatch.
Cargo delivery: Larger and heavy orders - e.g. furniture, wardrobes and bed solutions
Delivery charges from £19.99
Delivery time: 10-15 working days
Standard front door delivery on all orders
You will receive an email with an invoice once your order is dispatched from Denmark. Payment for your order will be captured on the day of dispatch.
When our courier has received and handled your order at their depot you will be contacted to confirm delivery date and time.
4. Delivery notifications
When you place an online order with JYSK you can expect the following notifications:
Order confirmation will be e-mailed to you immediately after you create the order.
When your order is dispatched from our JYSK Distribution Centre in Denmark, you will receive an e-mail and SMS.
Payment for the order will be captured on the day of dispatch. You can expect an invoice to be attached to your dispatch e-mail.
Once our courier has received and handled your order you will receive:
Parcel: Estimated delivery time
Cargo: Delivery time for you to approve
On the evening before the delivery date you will receive a SMS reminder.
On the day of the delivery, you will receive a message from the driver with a 4-hour delivery window
In case of changes or delays in your order JYSK will inform you by either e-mail or SMS.
5. When you receive your order
Please ensure that all items/boxes match the number of boxes noted on the delivery paperwork. Inspect all boxes/items for any obvious damages.
Damaged goods
If any boxes are damaged upon delivery:
Accept the delivery – We can help you with a solution. Notify the driver and write ‘Damaged’ on the delivery paperwork before signing for the delivery.
Contact JYSK Customer Service via our Live Chat or by using our Claims Form on our Customer Service Contact page. Photos of the damage must be attached to the form.
Refuse to accept the delivery – Our driver will take back the order to our depot. Please contact our JYSK Customer Service via Live Chat or by calling us to arrange a replacement order.
Goods missing
If the item/boxes delivered do not match the amount noted on the delivery paperwork, please advise the driver about the missing goods and contact the JYSK Customer Service – Any discrepancies, no matter how minor, must be reported to JYSK Customer Service immediately.
6. In case of order changes
In case of split deliveries, delays or out of stock items caused by supply issues, JYSK will inform you via e-mail or SMS.
All additional delivery charges will be covered by JYSK in case of delivery issue.
7. Brexit
All order and items delivered by JYSK will be dispatched from our Distribution Centre in Denmark.  Due to Brexit our shipment can be stopped temporarily in customs. The time for orders to go through customs is already calculated in our estimated delivery times.
There will not be any extra Brexit or customs related cost for you as a customer.
6. RETURN AND EXCHANGE POLICY
Get an unlimited and easy return or exchange with JYSK.
If you change your mind about your product, JYSK is here to help.
In JYSK we are happy to offer all our customers a Return & Exchange policy without any time limit. This means you can return and exchange your product no matter when the order was purchased. This applies for products bought both in our store as well as online.
JYSK return policy
In JYSK we offer our customers to return their product in any store in UK, regardless of which JYSK store it was original purchased in.
We offer to return or exchange all Online purchases in all our store.
For refund of product, an original JYSK receipt or Invoice must be provided by the customer. Bank transaction does not count as receipt.
If an JYSK receipt or invoice cannot be provided, we offer an exchange for another product or a JYSK voucher. Value will be the products lowest price in the last 30 days
If you wish to return a product that is damaged or used, we reserve the right to reduce the refund according to the condition.
If you wish to return a product that is damaged or used in such a way which significantly reduces the value of the product, we reserve the right to decline the refund.
We offer a 100 day trial period for GOLD Mattress. Please note our 100-day trail is an exchange policy and not a return policy. Read more about GOLD mattresses.
How to return a parcel delivery
If you wish to return your parcel delivery, we can offer you two solutions:
1. Send the product/parcel back to JYSK to this address:
JYSK LTD
Lower Audley Street Unit C
BB1 1BB
Blackburn
Once you have mailed the parcel back to us, please contact our Customer Service with proof of shipment and we will refund your order.
2. Return your product/delivery in one of our stores
Take your product/delivery back to one of our stores together with your online invoice, and return your product/delivery or exchange it another product that suits you better. If you return the complete order in the store we will refund your delivery costs as well.
How to return a cargo delivery
If you wish to return your larger Cargo delivery, we can offer you two solutions:
1. JYSK can collect your order on your home address
As long as your order complies our return policy above JYSK can arrange to collect your order on your address. Just contact our Customer Service and we will have that arranged right away. Please note that delivery cost won’t be refunded as JYSK are collecting the order on your home address.
2. Return your product/delivery in one of our stores
Take your product/delivery back to one of our stores together with your online invoice, and return your product/delivery or exchange it another product that suits you better. If you return the complete order in the store we will refund your delivery costs as well.
How to return a store purchase
Take your product back to one of our stores together with your original JYSK receipt, and return your product or exchange it to another product that suits you better.
Cancellation of the order prior to receipt
If you wish to cancel your online order before the order have been delivered, all you have to do is contact our Customer Service.
Our customer service will help you with the cancellation or handle the necessary arrangements and refunds.
If you reject your delivery you will not be charged extra for the return of the order.
Withdrawal form
7. CLAIMS
If your item arrives damaged or are faulty please contact JYSK UK Customer Service.
Please note that as a customer you have two (2) months in which to make a claim regarding missing parts or packages. We suggest that you go through the entire delivery after you have received your goods.
HOW TO EXCHANGE OR REPLACE AN ITEM
Take your small item to a JYSK store to arrange an exchange or replacement with our staff or contact customer service email. For large items, please contact JYSK UK Customer Service for further advice.
If an item was defective at the time of sale, you have the right to exchange it for a new one; alternatively, we will attempt to repair the item. Your claim must be made within a reasonable period of time once the defect has been detected.
The item must either be returned to one of JYSK's stores or sent to one of the addresses specified by JYSK UK Customer Service along with a print-out/copy of the invoice and a description of your claim.
If you decide to return an item, you can arrange its shipment by contacting JYSK UK Customer Service.
You will be responsible for paying the shipping costs/postage in connection with the return. However, if your claim is made promptly and the item in question is found to be defective, we will additionally reimburse you any postage or shipping costs.
If you wish to have your purchase refunded, this can be made at one of JYSK's stores. Alternatively, we can refund the purchase amount to the card used to make the payment.
We offer a 2-year warranty period from receipt of the order on all items.
Does your product have a quality defect?
Are parts missing in your order?
Has the order been subject to transport damage?
Do you have other claim related issues
Contact one of the JYSK UK stores and bring along your receipt as proof of purchase. Alternatively, you can contact JYSK UK Customer Service. Use this form and attach an image of the defect/issue in question. Please enter your order number to minimize processing time.
Please note that the complaint must be made within a reasonable period of time from the time you identify the error.
If JYSK UK approves the claim we will cover all costs related to the original order or offer you a replacement product.
You can also use the European Commission's Online Dispute Resolution platform to file a complaint. This is especially relevant if you are a consumer resident in another EU member state. File your complaint here. When filing a complaint, you must state our email address "customerservice@jysk.com".
8. PRIVACY POLICY
It is important to us that you are safe when shopping on JYSK.co.uk. JYSK UK is responsible for all data and complies with the European Data Protection Regulation 2018.
The personal data that we collect will be stored by JYSK UK in Denmark and may be accessed by JYSK Group entities worldwide. It is stored securely with our hosting partners.
At any time you can
lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (e.g. the Danish Data Protection Agency)
request access to and rectification or erasure of the personal data
restrict or object to the processing of personal data
request data portability, if relevant
You can obtain further information on the personal data which JYSK stores and processes about you by contacting JYSK UK Customer Service.
Please be informed that the level of data protection as currently applied and enforced in countries outside the European Union does not conform to the level of data protection for personal data currently applied and enforced within the European Union. The transfer of data between JYSK group entities will be based on a data transfer agreement or other applicable legal basis.
At JYSK UK, we are committed to complying with current rules and laws for good marketing. If you have consented to any of the below services, we reserve the right to send you updates to our Terms and Conditions regardless of whether or not you have withdrawn your consent. We will not send you any other type of information.
Collection and processing of personal data
JYSK UK collects data:
when you visit and shop on JYSK.co.uk
over the phone or at our stores
when you take part in surveys, competitions or promotions
when you contact our customer services team in store, online or over the phone
when you create a user profile on JYSK.co.uk
when you sign up to newsletters
when you leave a review on our products
What type of information does JYSK UK collect?
For the purpose of online commerce and customer satisfaction, targeted online marketing, improvements of our products and services, administrative and internal business purposes. JYSK UK, VAT 13590400, can collect and process the following personal data about you:
your name
your address
your telephone number
your email address
the IP address from which you are making your purchase
Selected delivery store
Company
All data will be treated as confidential information. JYSK’s processing of personal data relies on the following legal basis:
necessity for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party (e.g. purchase on JYSK.co.uk)
Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligations laid upon JYSK (e.g. to comply with bookkeeping acts)
Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests of JYSK (e.g. internal business purposes, such as enhancing our site or improving our services and products and fraud detection)
Your consent (newsletters, register user)
We use your email address as a link in the completion of your orders and for the purpose of surveys. If you would like to receive our newsletter, it requires consent from you.
We do not use your telephone number to contact you for sales calls. You will only be contacted by us by telephone if there is a problem with your order and/or to obtain information about your delivery.
Your personal data may be used in the event of a police investigation, as we report fraudulent payments to the police. We share account and other personal information when we find it necessary in order to comply with applicable laws and to prevent theft and fraud, e.g. in connection with credit cards.
JYSK UK only transfers personal data to carriers related to the delivery. If necessary, JYSK UK transfers personal data to relevant goods suppliers. JYSK does not transfer, sell or in any other way make your personal information accessible to other third parties.
We will only store your personal data for as long as it is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. The retention periods depend on type of the data and the reason why we collected and stored your data to begin with. We are constantly reviewing our retention periods, taking into account our reasons for processing your personal data and the legal basis for doing so.
Payment on JYSK.co.uk
When you shop on JYSK.co.uk, the payment is made via a secure connection, which ensures that your payment information cannot be accessed by an unwelcome third party. Read more about payment.
When you shop in JYSK UK stores
We use video surveillance in our stores. We do so to ensure security for our employees, prevent crime, and to provide evidence and thereby information for use by police investigations in case of any criminal activities. The video recordings are stored in secure environments and with limited access by security personnel.
Cookies
We aim to offer a user-friendly website with relevant information. That is why we use technologies to collect and process information about the use of our website. We collect this information via so-called cookies. A cookie a small text file that is stored on your computer. Among other things, this means that our website remembers you, when you return to it, and that we can create a statistic showing how you and other users behave on the website.
We also use cookies from various partners to give us insights in what parts of our website the users visit. View detailed information about provider, expiry, and purpose of the individual cookies.
You can change your consent to accepting cookies any time. Change your consent here. You can delete cookies at any time. On aboutcookies.org you can find a guide how to do it in different browsers. Your cookie settings will automatically be deleted after 12 months.
Please note that there are parts of JYSK.co.uk that you are only able to use, if your browser is set to accept cookies.
Some of the information that we collect can be published in anonymized form e.g. as information about the amount of users on the website. Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we do not sell or share this information with others unless you have consented us to do so.
9. WHEN YOU SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
For the purpose of distributing Newsletters, JYSK A/S, VAT 13590400, will collect and process the following personal data about you:
Email address
Name
Address (optional)
Date of birth (optional)
Gender (optional)
We store your information in a database on a protected server. It is only JYSK UK's webmaster in collaboration with an external partner who has access to your information. We guarantee that we do not disclose or sell your email address to other companies.
We only send newsletters to recipients who have opted to sign up and we use so-called double opt-in so others cannot enter your email address. If you have received our newsletter without giving us your acceptance, it may be because a person you know has forwarded the newsletter to you.
When you sign up for the newsletter, you can expect to receive 1-4 weekly newsletters via email from JYSK UK. The newsletter contains the latest offers, news and information about current campaigns within JYSK UK's total product range. Upon registration, you further agree to receive service announcements, including reminders on abandoned basket on JYSK.co.uk, follow-up emails after purchase on JYSK.co.uk and emails containing JYSK UK products that you have shown interest in.
You can unsubscribe at any time from the link at the bottom of all our newsletters or by contacting our customer service department. If you have not shown interest in our newsletters for at least 3 months, we reserve the right to stop sending you our newsletter as a result of your inaction. You can of course sign up again at any time.
JYSK A/S will store the personal data until you withdraw your consent.
The legal basis for processing your personal data is the consent you have provided.
10. GIFT CARDS
You can buy JYSK UK gift cards on JYSK.co.uk.
By purchasing a JYSK UK gift card, you accept general terms and conditions for gift cards.
You can use the gift card as payment in the country where it was issued. You can redeem the gift card when purchasing items in a JYSK UK store or on JYSK.co.uk. The gift card cannot be used to buy more gift cards. If the value of the gift card does not cover your purchase, you must pay the difference using one of the accepted payment methods.
On JYSK.co.uk, gift cards can only be redeemed prior to the execution of your order. The value of gift cards can be cashed out in one of our stores. There are no interests on the gift card.
If you have placed an order on JYSK.co.uk and paid with a gift card, we will issue a new gift card and if the order is canceled. If you have paid partly with a gift card and partly with a credit card, we will refund the corresponding amounts on respectively the gift card and the credit card.
If you have placed an order in one of our stores and paid with a gift card, and if the order is canceled, we will either issue a new gift card or cash out the amount.
The gift card can be used for payment without identification. The gift card may, however, be blocked if it is lost, for example by theft. JYSK does not replace lost gift cards.
You can buy JYSK UK gift cards up to the maximum £600.00 per gift card.
Gift certificates are valid for 5 years from the date of issue.
11. JOB APPLICANTS
PRIVACY STATEMENT
When you apply for a job in JYSK, your application and your data are recorded in our SAP HR recruitment system according to the following guidelines:
WHO SEES YOUR DATA?
Your application and the personal data you enter will be used solely for recruitment purposes and will be evaluated by JYSK Recruitment Officers - including Store Managers, District Managers, Department Managers and / or the HR Department.
Your personal information will, of course, be treated confidentially.
WHY DO WE NEED YOUR DATA?
Your application and personal data will be stored in the database in our recruitment system. Even if you are not successful for the position you have applied for, we will save your information for any future vacancy unless you actively go in to our recruitment database and delete your data / candidate profile or contact us directly at hruk@jysk.com.
REQUIREMENTS FOR INFORMATION
It is up to you to make sure that the personal data you provide is correct and adequate. Please do not include personal information such as age, religion, sexual orientation, race or health information. Please note that your email address acts as your unique ID when you apply for a job at JYSK. We therefore recommend that you enter a personal email address that other people do not have access to.
SECURITY
All data is stored on secure servers at JYSK. Your data will be saved for up to 6 months and then will be deleted.
CONSENT
If you accept the Data Protection Statement based on the guidelines above, please check the box to give your consent and we will then be able to receive and process your application.
12. Business to Business specific terms and conditions
This section concerns specific terms and conditions for customers who purchase our products for commercial use.
Warranty
Note that not all of our products are manufactured for commercial use, where harder wear and tear can be expected on products than with private use. If the products are used for commercial purposes, this purchase is therefore not covered by the warranty. If you need more specific instructions on what products we recommend for commercial use, you can contact JYSK Customer service.
Right of return
Note that the right of return is void for commercial purposes. It is therefore not possible to withdraw from a purchase that has been bought in a commercial context. This applies as soon as you have shopped as a business or on a behalf of a business.
Liability
Under no circumstances is JYSK liable for loss of profits, loss of operations or other indirect loss.
WIN A £100 JYSK GIFT CARDSign up to the JYSK email newsletter and you will be entered into our monthly prize draw to win a £100 gift-card which can be redeemed in-store or online.
You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form.
Yes, I would like to subscribe to the E-mail newsletter from JYSK
containing inspiration, latest offers, news and information about current campaigns within JYSK UK total product range. At the same time I accept the terms and conditions for the newsletter. The consent can be withdrawn at any time.
We process the above-mentioned personal information to send you the newsletter. Read more in the privacy policy.
Categories
Bedroom
Bathroom
Office
Living Room
Dining Room
Storage
Curtains/Blinds
Garden
Homeware
All categories
Customer Service
Contact
Stores and opening hours
Brochures
Terms & conditions
Shipping
Return policy
Privacy policy
Change cookie consent
FAQ
Gift card
Useful links
JYSK
About JYSK
Corporate
Press
Jobs
Newsletter
Blog
GOJYSK.com
Sustainability
Coronavirus Info
Head Office
JYSK UK Ltd
1st Floor Biostat House
Pepper Road
Hazel Grove
Stockport
SK7 5BW
Contact Customer Service
Telephone: 03300 883818For your nearest store, click here.Company Reg.: 6336261 VAT: 917824307
Facebook
Instagram
LinkedIn
Youtube
Pinterest
Chat is online
Chat
You need to accept "functional cookies" in order to use the chat.
Click on the [OK] button in the bottom of the page
Win a £100 JYSK gift cardWIN A £100 JYSK GIFT CARDRedeemable in-store or online. Sign up to the JYSK email newsletter and you will be entered into our monthly prize draw to win a £100 gift-card which can be redeemed in-store or online.
Yes, I would like to subscribe to the E-mail newsletter from JYSK containing inspiration, latest offers, news and information about current campaigns within JYSK.co.uk´s total product range. At the same time I accept the terms and conditions for the newsletter. The consent can be withdrawn at any time. We process the above-mentioned personal information to send you the newsletter. Read more in the privacy policy.Sign upTHANKS FOR YOUR INTERESTWe have sent you an e-mail with a linkthat you need to click on to enable your sign up.We look forward to inspiring you.YOU'RE ALREADY SUBSCRIBEDWe can see that you are already subscribed to our newsletter.ReturnOOPS!Something went wrong - please try again.Return