Privacy Policy | Laptops Direct
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn moreAccept
Congratulations! Your promo code PROMOCODE will be automatically applied when you check out – enjoy.
Continue Shopping
Whoops! That promo code isn’t valid. But don’t worry, we’ve got a mountain of deals waiting to be uncovered. Fancy a peek?
Continue Shopping
Whoops! That promo code has expired. But don’t worry, we’ve got a mountain of deals waiting to be uncovered. Fancy a peek?
Continue Shopping
Whoops! That promo code has expried. But don’t worry, we’ve got a mountain of deals waiting to be uncovered. Fancy a peek?
Continue Shopping
Whoops! That promo code has expried. But don’t worry, we’ve got a mountain of deals waiting to be uncovered. Fancy a peek?
Continue Shopping
Whoops! That promo code isn’t applicable on this website. But don’t worry, we’ve got a mountain of deals waiting to be uncovered. Fancy a peek?
Continue Shopping
You work at BID, what a legend.
Staff pricing will be applied on all products. Cha-ching!
Lets GO »
My Account
Track Order
Trade Enquiries
Inc. VAT
Ex. VAT
Inc. VAT
Ex. VAT
£ €
£ €
Laptops Direct
We’re not robots, get sales advice 7 days a week0871 244 0934
Laptops
Laptops by Use
Gaming
Student
Business
Watching Movies
Browsing & Social Media
Graphic Design & Video Editing
Popular Brands
HP
Dell
Asus
Lenovo
Acer
MSI
Medion
Apple Macbooks
Macbook Pro
Macbook Air
Chromebooks
Acer
HP
ASUS
Lenovo
Popular Searches
Refurbished Laptops
Convertible Laptops
Ultrabook Laptops
Laptop Deals
Laptops with SSD
Intel Core i7 Laptops
Intel Core i5 Laptops
16GB RAM Laptops
17" Screen Laptops
Laptops Under £200
Laptop Accessories
All Laptop Accessories
Gaming Accessories
Bags & Cases
Upgrades & Components
External Hard Drives
Docking Stations
Batteries
Chargers
Mice
Software
Warranties
Keyboards
Stands & Cooling
Trade in your old laptop
PCs
PCs by Use
All PCs
Home
Business
Gaming
PCs by Type
Desktop
All-in-One
Workstation
Thin Client
Popular Brands
Acer
Apple
Asus
Dell
HP
Lenovo
MSI
PCs by CPU
Intel
AMD
Popular Searches
Refurbished PCs
Intel Core i5 PCs
Intel Core i7 PCs
PCs with SSDs
PCs for Graphic Design & Video editing
GTX 1060 Gaming PCs
8GB RAM & Above PCs
Accessories & Components
Keyboards
Mice
Software
Storage
Memory
Graphics Cards
Trade Enquiries
Monitors
Screen Size
20" and below
21" - 22" Monitors
23" - 25" Monitors
26" - 28" Monitors
29" - 33" Monitors
34" and above
Popular Searches
4K Monitors
Portable Monitors
Gaming Monitors
Curved Monitors
144Hz Monitors
Ultra Wide Monitors
27 Inch Monitors
HDMI Monitors
G-Sync Monitors
FreeSync Monitors
Popular Brands
See all brands
Acer Monitors
Asus Monitors
BenQ Monitors
Dell Monitors
electriQ Monitors
HP Monitors
LG Monitors
Samsung Monitors
Gaming
PC Gaming Monitors
Console Gaming Monitors
Digital Signage
Digital Signage Displays
Digital Signage Players
Trade Enquiries
Monitors Buying Guide
Tablets & iPads
Tablets by Screen Size
7" to 8"
8.1" to 10"
10.1" to 11"
11" and above
All Tablets
Refurbished
Tablets by Brand
Samsung
Lenovo
Microsoft
Huawei
Wacom
Apple iPads
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad Mini
Popular Searches
Android Tablets
Windows Tablets
Graphic Tablets
Accessories
Cases
Styluses
Memory Cards
All Accessories
Accessories & Printers
Printers & Scanners
Printers
Laser Printers
Inkjet Printers
Wireless Printers
3D Printers
Scanners
All Printers & Scanners
Laptop & Tablet Bags
All Laptop Bags
10 - 13.9 Inch
14 - 16.9 Inch
17 - 20.9 Inch
Messenger Bag
Tablet Cases
Peripherals
Keyboards
Mice
Headphones
Headsets
Speakers
Webcams
Batteries & Power
Laptop Batteries
Laptop Chargers
Docking Stations
Charging Trolleys
Gaming Peripherals
Gaming Mice
Gaming Keyboards
Gaming Headsets
Gaming Chairs
VR Headsets
All Gaming Peripherals
Software
Microsoft Office
Internet Security & Anti-Virus
Operating Systems
Other Accessories
Stands & Cooling
Privacy Screens
Graphics Tablets
Optical Drives
Mouse Mats
Cables
Cleaning Products
Components & Storage
Graphics Cards
All Graphics Cards
Nvidia GPUs
Workstation GPUs
Processors
See all Processors
Intel CPUs
AMD CPUs
Motherboards
See all Motherboards
Intel Socket Boards
AMD Socket Boards
Storage
2.5" Laptop Hard Drives
3.5" Desktop Hard Drives
SATA SSDs
M.2 SSDs
External SSDs
External Hard Drives
NAS Drives
NAS Enclosures
USB Flash Storage
Memory Cards
Laptop Memory
DDR4 Laptop Memory
DDR3 Laptop Memory
Desktop Memory
DDR4 Desktop Memory
DDR3 Desktop Memory
Power Supplies
All Power Supplies
Up to 500W
501W - 750W
751W & Over
Cases
All Cases
Full Tower
Mid Tower
Mini ITX
Modding
Cooling
CPU Coolers
Thermal Compounds
Case Fans
Watercooling
Networking
See all Networking
Switches
Network Adapters
Routers
Range Extenders
Powerline Adapters
Smart Home Automation
Other Components
Operating Systems
Adapter Cards
Optical Drives
Popular Searches
Laptop Upgrades
Performance Laptop HDDs
PS4 Upgrade Drive
RGB Components
8th Gen Intel CPUs
Phones
Popular Options
See All Smartphones
iPhones
Android Phones
Refurbished Phones
Popular Searches
Latest Releases
5G Phones
Dual SIM
Easy to Use
Rugged Phones
Popular Brands
Apple
Samsung
OPPO
Xiaomi
Huawei
Google
Motorola
Nokia
Cubot
CAT
TCL
Honor
OnePlus
Apple iPhones
iPhone 12 Range
iPhone 11 Range
iPhone XR
iPhone X
iPhone 8 Range
iPhone 7 Range
Refurbished iPhones
Samsung Phones
Samsung Galaxy S21
Samsung Galaxy S20
Samsung Galaxy S10
Samsung Galaxy Note 10
Samsung Galaxy Z Series
Samsung Galaxy A Series
Headphones
All Headphones
Apple AirPods
Samsung Galaxy Buds
Wireless Headphones
Wired Headphones
Smart Watches
All Smart Watches
Apple Watch
FitBit
Accessories
All Accessories
Phone Cases
Screen Protectors
Chargers and Cables
Memory Cards
Portable Speakers
Wireless Charging
Power Banks
Mobile WiFi
SIM Cards
<a href="/content/sell-my-old-phone?tref=mobilestopnav" title="Sell your old Phone onclick=" datalayer.push({'event':'gaevent'="" ,'eventcategory'="" :="" 'navigation="" bar'="" ,'eventaction'="" 'laptops'="" ,'eventlabel'="" 'tradeinphonesbottombanner'});="" return="" true;"="">Sell your old Phone
TVs
TVs by Size
75" and Above TVs
65" to 74" TVs
55" to 64" TVs
43" to 54" TVs
32" to 42" TVs
31" and Under TVs
TVs by Feature
Smart
4K
OLED
Gaming
Android
QLED
Freesat
Refurbished TVs
TVs By Brand
Samsung
LG
Sony
Panasonic
electriQ
Philips
Toshiba
Hisense
TV Accessories
TV Brackets
TV Stands
Home Cinema & Audio
Soundbars
Hi-Fi Systems
Blu-Ray Players
iPod Touch
Projectors
4K Projectors
Portable Projectors
Short Throw Projectors
Projector Screens
CCTV &Security
CCTV By Use
See all CCTV
CCTV for Homes
CCTV for Shops
CCTV for Businesses
Indoor Cameras
Baby Monitors
Pet Cameras
CCTV Kits
All CCTV Kits
Wireless CCTV Kits
2 Camera Kits
4 Camera Kits
8 Camera Kits
CCTV Cameras
All Cameras
Bullet Cameras
Dome Cameras
PTZ Cameras
Network Cameras
CCTV By Brand
electriQ CCTV
Hikvision CCTV
Swann CCTV
Yale CCTV
DVRs & NVRs
All DVRs
All NVRs
CCTV Installation
CCTV Accessories
All CCTV Accessories
CCTV Cables
CCTV Connectors
CCTV Hard Drives
CCTV Power Supplies
Home Security
Alarms
Door Locks
Safes
Video Doorbells
CCTV Buying Guide
Smart Home & Gadgets
Smart Home
Smart Speakers and Hubs
Smart Lighting
Smart Power
Smart Security
Smart Heating
Smart Plugs
Works with Amazon Alexa
Works with Google Home
See all Smart Home
Drones
See all Drones
Drone Accessories
Drone Parts & Spares
Handheld Gimbals
Camera Accessories
Camera Bags
Camera Batteries
Camera Chargers
Scooters
All Scooters
electriQ
Xiaomi
Segway
Wearables
Smart Watches
Fitness Trackers
Video Gadgets
Handheld Gimbals
Action Cameras
Home Pet & Baby Monitors
Dash Cams
Other Gadgets
Dual SIM Card Adapter
Handbag Lights
Pets Gadgets
Speakers & Headphones
Universal Remotes
Virtual Reality Headsets
WiFi Doorbells
Electric Scooters
Robotic Vacuum Cleaners
Gaming
Gaming Laptops
ASUS
MSI
Acer
Razer
Lenovo
All Gaming Laptops
Popular Options
GTX 1650/1660 Ti Gaming Laptops
RTX 2060 Gaming Laptops
RTX 2070 Gaming Laptops
RTX 2080 Gaming Laptops
Shop by game
Laptops for Fortnite
Laptops for Minecraft
Laptops for CS:GO
Laptops for Apex Legends
Laptops for COD: Modern Warfare
Shop by graphic type
GTX Graphics Gaming Laptops
RTX Graphics Gaming Laptops
Gaming Desktops
Acer
HP
PC Specialist
Lenovo
All Gaming Desktops
Popular Options
Core i7 Gaming PCs
GTX 1060 Gaming PCs
Refurbished Gaming PCs
Shop by graphic type
GTX Graphics Gaming PCs
RTX Graphics Gaming PCs
Gaming Monitors
ASUS
Samsung
Acer
MSI
All Gaming Monitors
Popular Options
Console Gaming Monitors
4K Gaming Monitors
144Hz Gaming Monitors
27 Inch Gaming Monitors
Gaming Accessories
Gaming Mice
Gaming Keyboards
Gaming Chairs
Gaming Headsets
Controllers & Wheels
Gaming Mouse Mats
Games Consoles
Nintendo Switch
PS5
Xbox
Sale
Next Day Deliveryon 1000's of items
0% finance available on orders over £99
Sell your old phone or laptop get upto £800
B2B Account ManagersCall us today!
Buy It Direct Privacy Statement
1. GENERAL
Buy It Direct Ltd, trading as Buy it Direct, Laptops Direct, Aircon Direct, Servers Direct, Appliances Direct, Drones Direct, Better Bathrooms and Furniture123 whose registered office is Trident Business Park, Leeds Road, Huddersfield, HD2 1UA together with any group companies or other trading name (“we” “us” “our”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. For the purposes of data protection legislation, we are the data controller and we will process your personal data in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 and national laws which relate to the processing of personal data. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
2. VISITORS TO OUR WEBSITE
2.1 We may collect and process personal data about you in the following circumstances: 2.1.1 when you complete forms on our website (“Site”). This includes your name contact details, credit/debit card details, which is provided at the time of registering to use our Site, where you ask us to contact you about our goods or services, subscribe to our mailing list, or subscribe/request or goods or services;
2.1.2 whenever you provide information to us when reporting a problem with our Site, making a complaint, making an enquiry or contacting us for any other reason. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence;
2.1.3 details of your visits to our Site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise, and the resources that you access (see section 2.2.2 on Cookies below); and
2.1.4 whenever you disclose your information to us, or we collect information from you in any other way, through our Site.
2.2 We may also collect data in the following ways: IP Address
2.2.1 We may collect information about your device, including where available your Internet Protocol address, for reasons of fraud protection. We may also collect information about your device’s operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual. Cookies
2.2.2 Our Site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Site and also allows us to improve our Site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy.
2.3 We may use your personal data for our legitimate interests in order to:
2.3.1 provide you with information, or services that you requested from us;
2.3.2 allow you to participate in interactive features of our Site, when you choose to do so;
2.3.3 ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
2.3.4 improve our Site and services;
2.3.5 process and deal with any complaints or enquiries made by you; and
2.3.6 contact you for marketing purposes where you have signed up for these (see section 6 for further details).
Website Links
Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of third parties. Please note that if you follow a link to any of these websites, such websites will apply different terms to the collection and privacy of your personal data and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. When you leave our Site, we encourage you to read the privacy notice/policy of every website you visit.
3. CUSTOMERS
3.1 We will collect details such as name, address, contact details, delivery address, bank/credit/debit card details when you order goods or services from us either via our Site, over the telephone or in store. We will use this information to process your order and comply with our contractual obligations.
3.2 In order to perform our contract with you, we may also need to share personal data with third parties such as, credit reference agencies, payment providers and postal service/logistics organisations to assist in the delivery of goods or services you have ordered.
3.3 We may also advertise your feedback on our website and marketing materials (subject to obtaining your prior consent where necessary); 3.4 We will retain your information as long as we require this to provide you with the goods or services ordered from us and for a period of 15 years afterwards. Where you have subscribed to receive marketing correspondence from us we will keep your personal data for the period of time described in section 6 below.
4. SUPPLIERS
We will collect details such as your name, contact details and bank details in order to contact you about goods or services ordered with you, to place further orders, and to pay you for the goods and/or services supplied. We will keep the personal data for 7 years further to being provided with the goods/services.
5. IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE PERSONAL DATA
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide the data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example to provide you with our goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
6. MARKETING
6.1 In addition to the uses described in sections 2-4 above, where you indicate you would like to receive marketing correspondence from us, subscribe to our mailing lists or newsletters, enter into any of our competitions or provide us with your details at networking events we may use your personal data for our legitimate interests in order to provide you with details about our goods, services, business updates and events which we think may be of interest.
6.2 You have the right to opt-out of receiving the information detailed in section 6.1 at any time. To opt-out of receiving such information you can:
6.2.1 tick the relevant box situated in the form on which we collect your information;
6.2.2 click the unsubscribe button contained in any such communication received; or
6.2.3 email us at privacy@buyitdirect.co.uk or call 0871 971 0779 providing us with your name and contact details.
6.3 Where you have subscribed to receive marketing correspondence from us we will keep personal data 5 years from when you are provided with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving marketing correspondence from us or you last placed an order, whichever is later.
7. MONITORING AND RECORDING
We may monitor and record communications with you (such as telephone communications and emails) for the purpose of quality assurance, training, fraud prevention and compliance. We also have CCTV cameras installed in our premises for the purpose of crime prevention and for health and safety reasons. We retain CCTV images for up to 60 days and telephone recordings for up to 7 years.
8. AUTOMATED PROCESSING
8.1 Some of our decisions are made automatically by inputting your personal information into a system or computer and the decision is calculated using certain automatic processes rather than our employees making those decisions. We make automated decisions to check for orders which may be fraudulent.
8.2 We may carry out a credit check on our customers:
8.2.1 so that we can make credit decisions about you; and
8.2.2 to prevent fraud and money laundering.
8.3 Our search may be recorded on the files of the credit reference agency.
If further to undertaking a credit check you receive a low credit score, we reserve the right not to supply you with goods or services on credit and/or require upfront payment for the goods or services you wish to purchase.
If you provide false or inaccurate information and we suspect fraud, we will record this.
9. LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
9.1 We will only use your personal data where the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
9.1.1 for performance of a contract we enter into with you;
9.1.2 where necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation we are subject to; and
9.1.3 for our legitimate interests (as described within this policy) where your interests and fundamental rights do not override these interests.
10. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA to third parties
10.1 In addition to the third parties mentioned above, we may disclose your information to third parties for our legitimate interests as follows:
10.1.1 to staff members in order to facilitate the provision of goods or services to you;
10.1.2 to our affiliated entities to support internal administration;
10.1.3 IT software providers that host our website and store data on our behalf;
10.1.4 professional advisers including consultants, lawyers, bankers and insurers who provide us with consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services;
10.1.5 HM Revenue and Customs, regulators and other authorities who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances; and
10.1.6 third parties who we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other business or merge with them. If a change happens to our business then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.10.1.7 review aggregators, acting on our behalf, to invite you to review your product and/or purchase.
10.2 We may disclose personal data to the police, regulatory bodies, legal advisors or similar third parties where we are under a legal duty to disclose or share personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our website terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or safety of our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
10.3 We will not sell or distribute personal data to other organisations without your approval.
11. CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
11.1 Where permitted by applicable law, we may transfer your personal data to the United States and other jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) for the purposes set out in this privacy policy. We have implemented binding corporate rules/standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission/the EU-US Privacy Shield/Swiss-US Privacy Shield/consent to secure the transfer of your personal data to jurisdictions outside the EEA.
12. DATA SECURITY
12.1 Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
12.2 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our Site; any transmission is at your own risk.
12.3 Information you provide to us is shared on our secure servers. We have implemented appropriate physical, technical and organisational measures designed to secure your information against accidental loss and unauthorised access, use, alteration or disclosure. In addition, we limit access to personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties that have a legitimate business need for such access.
13. ACCESS TO, UPDATING, DELETING AND RESTRICTING USE OF PERSONAL DATA
13.1 It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if the personal data we hold about you changes.
13.2 Data protection legislation gives you the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances or withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data where this has been provided. You also have the right to access information held about you and for this to be provided in an intelligible form. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please send an email to privacy@buyitdirect.co.uk. In certain circumstances we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
13.3 You can also ask us to undertake the following:
13.3.1 update or amend your personal data if you feel this is inaccurate;
13.3.2 remove your personal data from our database entirely;
13.3.3 send you copies of your personal data in a commonly used format and transfer your information to another entity; or
13.3.4 restrict the use of your personal data.
13.4 We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and your right to access, and to provide you with the personal data that we hold about you or make your requested changes. Data protection legislation may allow or require us to refuse to provide you with access to some or all the personal data that we hold about you or to comply with any requests made in accordance with your rights referred to above. If we cannot provide you with access to your personal data, or process any other request we receive, we will inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions.
13.5 Please send any requests relating to the above to our Data Lead at privacy@buyitdirect.co.uk specifying your name and the action you would like us to undertake.
14. RIGHT TO WITHDRAW CONSENT
Where you have provided your consent to the collection, processing and transfer of your personal data, you have the legal right to withdraw your consent under certain circumstances. To withdraw your consent, please contact us at privacy@buyitdirect.co.uk .
15. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to update this privacy policy at any time, and any changes we make to our privacy policy will be posted on this page. Please check periodically for any updates. If we would like to use your previously collected personal data for different purposes than those we notified you about at the time of collection, we will provide you with notice and, where required by law, seek your consent, before using your personal data for a new or unrelated purpose. We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where required by applicable law or regulation.
16. CONTACT US
We have appointed a Data Lead to oversee compliance with this privacy policy. If you have any questions, comments or requests regarding this policy or how we use your personal data please contact our Data Lead at privacy@buyitdirect.co.uk . This is in addition to your right to contact the Information Commissioners Office if you are unsatisfied with our response to any issues you raise at https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Last updated: July 2019.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Help & Advice
Contact us
Help & Advice
Payment Information
Our StoresCoronavirus info
Our Services
Delivery
Returns
Finance Options
Trade
Education
Sell your old tech
Company Information
About Us
Affiliates Programme
Careers
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Our Customers Love Us
Laptops Direct are part of the Buy It Direct Group; Reg. No. 04171412
Stores & Collection Points
Huddersfield
Get Directions »
Elland
Get Directions »
East Midlands
Get Directions »
We Accept
Buy It Direct acts as a broker and offers credit from a panel of lenders. For more information please click here.
Buy It Direct Ltd is a limited company registered in England. Registered number 04171412. Registered office: Unit A Trident Business Park, Leeds Road, Huddersfield, West Yorkshire, HD2 1UA.
Hide
Wishlist
Recently viewed
View Compared Products
() »
Clear Compare
Hide
Back to top