Terms & Conditions | About Us | Lay & Wheeler
We're open and delivering wine as usual. Our team is on hand, and you can find their direct numbers here.
menu
clear
About Us
Events
Virtual Tastings
Cellar Circle
Discovery Club
Gift Certificates
Call us 01473 313 300
perm_identity
Account
shopping_basket
Basket
search
Region
expand_more
Producers
expand_more
Type
expand_more
Discover
expand_more
Shop all wines
Bordeaux 2020 : Top picks
Rosé Wines
clear
France
Bordeaux
Burgundy
Rhone
Champagne
Loire
Italy
Piedmont
Spain
Portugal
Germany
Austria
South Africa
New Zealand
Australia
USA
clear
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#
A
Agrapart & Fils
Albert Bichot (Clos Frantin and Long Depaquit)
Albert Boxler
Alfio Mozzi
Alphabetical
Altesino
Antinori
Antoine Van Remoortere / Château de Maupas
ArnaldoRivera
Azienda Agraria Lisini
Azienda Agricola 499
Azienda Agricola Lalù
Azienda Agricola Romano Dal Forno
Bodegas Aalto
Bodegas Astobiza
Champagne AR Lenoble
Château Angélus
Château Ausone
Château d'Angludet
Chris Alheit
Domaine Arlaud
Domaine Arnoux-Lachaux
Domaine Comte Armand
Domaine de L'Alliance
Domaine de l'Arlot
Domaine de l'Aurage
Domaine Paul Jaboulet Aîné
Giovanni Almondo
L'Aventure Winery
B
A.A. Badenhorst
Baron Philippe de Rothschild
Baron Philippe de Rothschild / Catena
Baron Philippe de Rothschild / Robert Mondavi
Barone di Villagrande
Belasco de Baquedano
Bernard Burgaud
Billecart-Salmon
Biondi-Santi
Blank Bottle
Bodegas Fernando Remirez de Ganuza
Bodegas Mauro
Bodegas Mauro Estévez
Bodegas Rafael Palacios
Boekenhoutskloof
Bollinger
Bonneau du Martray
Borie Family
Boschkloof
Bouvet Ladubay
Burn Cottage
Château Batailley
Château Beau-Site
Château Belair-Monange
Château Belgrave
Château Bernadotte
Château Beychevelle
Château Bonalgue
Château Bourgneuf
Château Branaire-Ducru
Château Brane-Cantenac
Château Le Boscq
Domaine Ballot-Millot
Domaine Berthaut-Gerbet
Domaine Blain Sœur & Frère
Domaine Blaise Duboux
Domaine Bois de Boursan
Domaine Bott
Domaine de La Bouïssière
Domaine Ghislaine Barthod
Domaine Jean-Marc Boillot
Domaine La Barroche
Domaine Louis Boillot
Domaine Michel Bouzereau
Domaine Samuel Billaud
Domaine Sébastien Brunet
Emmanuel Brochet
Enzo Boglietti
Famille Bréchet
Famille Perrin
Frédéric et Daniel Brunier
G.B. Burlotto
Gianni Brunelli
Guy Breton
Jean-Claude Bessin
Jean-Marc Brocard
Jim Barry
Piero Busso
Tommaso Bussola
C
CA Grands Crus
Cantina Bartolo Mascarello
Cantina del Pino
Casa Ferreirinha
Casanova di Neri
Cascina Cerutti
Castello di Ama
Castello di Volpaia
Catena Zapata
Cavallotto
Cave Saint Verny
Caves Yves Cuilleron
Cerbaiona
Chartogne-Taillet
Château Branas Grand Poujeaux
Château Caillou
Château Calon-Ségur
Château Canon
Château Cantemerle
Château Cantenac Brown
Château Carbonnieux
Château Caronne-St-Gemme
Château Certan de May
Château Charmail
Château Chasse-Spleen
Château Cheval-Blanc
Château Climens
Château Clinet
Château Clos Haut-Peyraguey
Château Cos d'Estournel
Château Cos-Labory
Château Coutet
Château Cruzelles
Château La Clotte (St-Emilion)
Château La Conseillante
Château La Croix de Gay
Château Le Crock
Château Les Carmes Haut-Brion
Château Peymouton
Château Raymond-Lafon
Château Turon La Croix
Clandestin
Clarendon Hills
Clos de Trias
Clos du Clocher
Clos Dubreuil
Clos Fourtet
Colli di Catone
Colline della Stella
Concha y Toro
Continuum
Coume del Mas
Craggy Range
Creag Dhu
Crystallum
Cullen Wines
Cupano
CVNE
Domaine Alain Chavy
Domaine Bruno Clair
Domaine Chandon de Briailles
Domaine Chanzy
Domaine Clusel-Roch
Domaine Coche-Dury
Domaine Comtesse Bernard de Cherisey
Domaine Courbis
Domaine de Chevalier
Domaine de Cristia
Domaine du Cayron
Domaine du Closel
Domaine du Colombier
Domaine Jean-Louis Chave
Domaine Le Clos des Cazaux
Domaine Le Clos du Caillou
Domaine Marc Colin et Fils
Domaine Philippe Colin
Domaine Sylvain Cathiard
Domenico Clerico
Elvio Cogno
François Cotat
M. Chapoutier
Maison Chanson
Rocche Costamagna
Vignobles Capdemourlin
Vina Errazuriz
D
Champagne Deutz
Château Doisy-Védrines
Château Durfort-Vivens
Daffy's
David & Nadia
Delamain
Denis Dubourdieu
Denis Durantou
Didier Dagueneau
Dog Point Vineyard
Domaine Bruno Colin
Domaine Colin-Deléger
Domaine Dauvissat-Camus
Domaine des Ardoisières
Domaine du Clos des Papes
Domaine Dujac
Domaine Dureuil-Janthial
Domaine Duroché
Domaine Georges Mugneret-Gibourg
Domaine Jamain
Domaine Jean-Paul & Benoît Droin
Domaine Pierre Damoy
Domaine Vincent Carême
Domaines Barons de Rothschild
Domaines Delon
Dominio do Bibei
Dominus Estate
Donnafugata
Dugat-Py
John Duval
Maison Delas Frères
Weingut Dönnhoff
E
Château d'Esclans
Château L'Eglise-Clinet
E Pira e Figli
Egly Ouriet
El Sacramento, Viña Leizaola
Estate Tiezzi
Eva Fricke
F
By Farr
Château de Fargues
Château de Fieuzal
Château de Fonbel
Château Figeac
Château Fonplégade
Château Franc-Mayne
Château Fuissé
Château La Fleur-Cardinale
Château La Fleur-Pétrus
Domaine des Forges
Domaine Faiveley
Domaine Fontaine-Gagnard
Domaine François Lamarche
Domaine Gilbert et Christine Felettig
Domaine William Fèvre
Elena Fucci
Fattoria Le Pupille
Fattoria Petrolo
Fèlsina
Felton Road
Figli Luigi Oddero
Figuière
Fita Preta
Fontodi
Fossacolle
Nicola Ferrari
Rudolf Fürst
The Foundry
G
Bertrand Gautherot
Bruno Giacosa
Champagne Gosset
Château Gazin
Château Giscours
Château Gloria
Château Grand Corbin-Despagne
Château Grand Mayne
Château Gruaud Larose
Château Guillot
Château Guillot-Clauzel
Château La Gaffelière
Château La Garde
Château La Gurgue
Château Les Gravières
Domaine de la Grange des Pères
Domaine du Gros' Noré
Domaine Garon
Domaine Gauby
Domaine Giraud
Domaine Jean Grivot
Domaine Michel Gros
Elio Grasso
Etienne Guigal
Gabrielskloof
Gaja
Gallina de Piel
Gašper
Gérard Boulay
Giacomo Fenocchio
Giaconda
Gianfranco Fino
Gianni Gagliardo
Gilles Berlioz
Giuseppe e Figlio Mascarello
Gordon's
Gourt des Mautens
Grand Dauphin
Jeffrey Grosset
La Gerla
Le Potazzine
Vignobles Garcin
Vignobles von Neipperg
Weingut Gunderloch
H
Bodegas Hacienda Monasterio
Château Haut-Bailly
Château Haut-Brion
Château Haut-Larriveau
Château Hosanna
Château La Mission Haut-Brion
Château Larrivet Haut-Brion
Château Laville Haut-Brion
Domaine de l'Horizon
Domaine des Herbauges
Domaine Hudelot-Noëllat
Domaine Huet
Domaine Humbert Frères
Hambledon Vineyard
Hamilton Russell
Henri Giraud
Henriques & Henriques
Henschke
Hentley Farm
Heymann-Löwenstein
Hidalgo
Hine
Huré Frères
Mathias Hirtzberger
R. López Heredia
Weingut Franz Hirtzberger
Weingut Fritz Haag
I
Chateau L’If
Illimis Wines
Inglenook
Isole e Olena
J
Champagne Jacquesson
Domaine Charles Joguet
Domaine de la Janasse
Domaine Gérard Julien & Fils
Domaine Patrick Javillier
Jackson Family Wines
Jacky Blot
Jean Macle
Pascal Jolivet
Schloss Johannisberg
K
Champagne Krug
Kalleske Wines
Kanaan Winery
Kanonkop Wine Estates
Keermont Vineyards
Klein Constantia
Kooyong Estate
Kumeu River
Kusuda Wines
Richard Kershaw
Weingut Emmerich Knoll
L
Casa Lapostolle
Château La Lagune
Château Labégorce
Château Lafite-Rothschild
Château Lafleur
Château Lafon-Rochet
Château Lagrange (St-Julien)
Château Langoa-Barton
Château Laroque
Château Lascombes
Château Latour
Château Latour-Martillac
Château Léoville-Barton
Château Léoville-Poyferré
Château Lynch-Bages
Château Lynch-Moussas
Damien Laureau
Domaine des Comtes Lafon
Domaine des Lambrays
Domaine Hubert Lamy
Domaine Leflaive
Domaine Michel Lafarge
Domaines Lupier
Dr Loosen
Jacques Lassaigne
Jean-Claude Lapalu
La Chenade de Denis Durantou
La Rioja Alta
Larkmead Vineyards
Lay & Wheeler Own Label
Le Due Terre
Le Macchiole
Leclerc Briant
Les Vignerons Parisiens
Lismore Estate Vineyards
Louis Latour
Louis Metaireau
Lourens Family Wines
Lukas van Loggerenberg
Maison Lalanne
Olivier Leflaive
The Liberator
Weingut Leitz
M
Albane & Bertrand Minchin
Alphonse Mellot
Bernard Magrez
Bodegas Muga
Charles Melton
Château de Montfaucon
Château La Mascaronne
Château Malartic-Lagravière
Château Malescot St-Exupéry
Château Margaux
Château Marquis de Terme
Château Marsau
Château Montaiguillon
Château Montlandrie
Château Montrose
Château Moulinet-Lasserre
Château Moulin-St-Georges
Château Musar
Clos Sainte Magdeleine
Domaine Bernard Moreau et Fils
Domaine de Montcalmès
Domaine de Montille
Domaine Denis Mortet
Domaine des Muses
Domaine Jean-Marc Millot
Domaine Marchand-Tawse
Domaine Méo-Camuzet
Domaine Stephane Magnien
Giovanni Manzone
Jean-François Mérieau
Mac Forbes
Manuel Marinacci
Marco Sara
Marqués de Murrieta
Mas de Daumas Gassac
Mas Martinet
Mastrojanni
Mayacamas
Mazzei
Meerlust
Mestres
Minimalist Wines
Moët et Chandon
Moët Hennessy
Momento
Mont Blois
Montevetrano di Silvia Imparato
Moulin Touchais
Mount Difficulty
Mullineux and Leeu
Weingut Markus Molitor
Weingut Moric
N
Château Nairac
Domaine de la Noblaie
Domaine Georges Noëllat
Nals Margreid
Newton Johnson Family Vineyards
Niepoort
Nino Franco
Noon Winery
Nyetimber
O
Château Les Ormes de Pez
Domaine Michel et Stéphane Ogier
Domaines Ott
Elio Ottin
Oenops Wines
Orgo
O'Shaughnessy Estate Winery
P
Alvaro Palacios
Champagne Philipponnat
Château de Pez
Château Le Pin
Château Palmer
Château Pape Clément
Château Pavie
Château Pavie-Macquin
Château Peyrabon
Château Phélan Ségur
Château Pichon-Longueville (Baron)
Château Pichon-Longueville Comtesse de Lalande
Château Picque-Caillou
Château Pindefleurs
Château Plince
Château Pontet-Canet
Château Poujeaux
Château Puy-Blanquet
Château Puygueraud
Domaine André Perret
Domaine des Pierres Seches
Domaine du Pégau
Domaine Jean-Marc Pillot
Domaine Paradella
Domaine Paul Pillot
Domaine Paul Prieur et Fils
Domaine Ponsot
Dominio de Pingus
Ginny Povall
Guido Porro
Il Poggione
Jerome Prevost
Jonathan Pabiot
Joseph Phelps
Palacios Remondo
Pedro Parra
Pegasus Bay
Penfolds
Perrier-Jouët
Peter Lehmann
Peter Michael Winery
Pieropan
Pierre Péters
Pio Cesare
Podere Il Carnasciale
Podere Poggio Scalette
Poderi Aldo Conterno
Poderi Boscarelli - Famiglia De Ferrari Corradi
Pol Roger
Proprieta Sperino
Vincent Pinard
Vranken Pommery
Weingut F.X. Pichler
Weingut Joh. Jos. Prüm
Q
Agricola Querciabella
Château Quintus
Giuseppe Quintarelli
Quinta do Mouro
Quinta do Noval
Quintessa
R
Anthonji Rupert
Bodegas Roda
Cantina Rizzi
Cave Rousset
Champagne Roederer
Champagne Ruinart
Château Rahoul
Château Rauzan-Gassies
Château Rauzan-Ségla
Château Robin
Château Roc des Cambes
Château Rocheyron
Château Rouget
Domaine Claude Riffault
Domaine de la Romanée-Conti
Domaine Georges Roumier
Domaine René Rostaing
Domaine Rossignol-Trapet
Nicolas Potel
Raats Family
Rall Wines
Rathfinny
Restless River
Reyneke
Ridge Vineyards
Roagna
Rocca di Montegrossi
Rochioli Winery
Royal Tokaji Wine Co.
S
Château de Sales
Château La Serre
Château Sénéjac
Château Sigalas-Rabaud
Château Simone
Château Siran
Château Smith-Haut-Lafitte
Château Sociando-Mallet
Château St-Pierre
Château Suduiraut
Clos De Sarpe
Clos Saint Jean
Domaine Marc Sorrel
Etienne Sauzet
Jean Stodden
Jessica Saurwein
S.R.C Vini
Sadie Family
Saint Jean du Barroux
Sandhi
Savage Wines
Schnaitmann
Selvapiana
Seresin Estate
Serge et Bruno Sourdais
Sijnn Wines
Snowden Vineyards
Sodaro Estate Winery
Stag's Leap Wine Cellars
Storm Wines
Symington Family Estates
Weingut Schloss Gobelsburg
Weingut Stadt Krems
T
Champagne Tarlant
Champagne Thiénot
Château du Tertre
Château La Tour Blanche
Château La Tour de By
Château La Tour du Mons
Château La Tour Figeac
Château Le Tertre Rôteboeuf
Château Talbot
Château Tertre de la Mouleyre
Château Teyssier
Château Thénac
Château Troplong-Mondot
Château Trottevieille
Domaine de Triennes
Domaine du Tremblay (Tatin)
Domaine du Tunnel
Domaine Taupenot-Merme
Domaine Tempier
Domaine Tissot
François et Guillaume Thienpont
Maison Tardieu-Laurent
Taaibosch
Taittinger
Taylor Fladgate
Tenuta dell'Ornellaia
Tenuta San Guido
Tenuta Sette Cieli
Thibaud & Michel Chevré
Thorne & Daughters
Tiberio
Tua Rita
Two Hands
Tyrrell's Wines
U
Domaine Pierre Usseglio
Ulithorne
Ulysse-Cazabonne
V
Alain Voge
Castello di Verduno
Champagne Vilmart et Cie
Château Valandraud
Château Vraye Croix de Gay
Domaine Aurélien Verdet
Domaine de la Vieille Julienne
Domaine François Villard
G.D. Vajra
Roberto Voerzio
Valdesil
Vega-Sicilia
Vérité
Veuve Clicquot Ponsardin
Vie di Romans
Vieux Château Certan
Vignobles André Lurton
Vignobles Silvio Denz Estates
Villa Bucci
Viña Aquitania
Vinhos Barbeito
W
Weingut Rainer Wess
Weingut Wagner-Stempel
Wiston Estate
Wynns Coonawarra Estate
X
Y
Château d'Yquem
Yabby Lake
Z
Domaine Zind Humbrecht
Familia Zuccardi
Weingut Forstmeister Geltz Zilliken
#
clear
Red Wine
Bordeaux Blends
Pinot Noir
Nebbiolo
Syrah
White Wine
Chardonnay
Sauvignon Blanc
Chenin Blanc
Riesling
Champagne & sparkling
Rosé
Dessert wines
Sherry, madeira and port
Spirits
clear
Bottle size
Magnums & larger
Bottles
Small bottles
Price
Under £20 a bottle
Under £50 a bottle
Under £100 a bottle
Showstoppers
Vintage
2020s
2010s
2000s
1990s
1980s
Older
HomeAbout Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement GDPR Compliant
About Us
Our history
Meet our team
Join our team
Recognition & Awards
Testimonials
FAQ
Contact us
Our services
Pay By Bank Transfer
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Statement
Cookie Usage
About Us
-- Our history
-- Meet our team
-- Join our team
-- Recognition & Awards
-- Testimonials
-- FAQ
-- Contact us
-- Our services
-- Pay By Bank Transfer
-- Terms & Conditions
---- Privacy Statement
---- Cookie Usage
Privacy Statement
1. Introduction
Lay & Wheeler is committed to respecting and protecting our customers' privacy and treats it with the same respect as our wine selection. This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to your personal data, in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of such personal data. It captures personal data entered across all channels: through our website, or via our office.
We incorporate marketing preferences in your online account, which affect how we will process your personal data. By using the marketing preferences functionality, you can specify whether you would like to receive direct marketing communications and limit the use of your information. You can access your marketing preferences here.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
2. How we use your personal data
In this section we outline how we may process your personal data. All personal data we process falls into one or more of the following categories:
Order data
Date of birth data
Transaction data
Financial data
Internal social data
Usage data
Communication data
Enquiry data
Digital marketing data
CCTV
We may process your order data ("order data"). The order data may include your name, billing address, delivery address, phone number and email address. The order data will be processed for the purposes of storing your wine or delivering your wine orders to you. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us.
We may process your date of birth (“date of birth data”). Your date of birth will be processed for the purposes of confirming you are 18 or over and therefore legally able to purchase alcohol. The legal basis for this processing is compliance with legal obligations, namely the Licensing Act 2003.
We may process your transaction data (“transaction data”). The transaction data may include information relating to your previous transactions, including purchases of goods or services and Cellar Circle, Fine Wine Discovery Club and cellarage payments. The transaction data may include your name, billing address, delivery address, telephone number, email address and purchase history. It may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods or services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us.
We may process financial information (“financial data”) you share with us. The financial data may include your encrypted card details, name and billing address.  The financial data may be processed for the purposes of processing your Cellar Circle, Fine Wine Discovery Club or cellarage payments, speedy check-out, easy refunds and to prevent fraud. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us.
We may process information that you post for publication on our website or app, such as wall posts or product ratings and reviews ("internal social data"). This internal social data is public, and may be processed for the purposes of enabling interaction on the website between customers, winemakers and staff, and providing feedback to our winemakers on their products. We may also use your posts or reviews in our marketing materials to help us tell other customers about our products and services. In instances where internal social data is stored in an unstructured format (such as free text reviews and wall posts) it is exempt from our data retention rules, however may be deleted upon request. The legal basis for processing internal social data is consent.
We may process data about your use of our website, and reaction to our emails and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The sources of the usage data are our analytics packages (including, but not limited to Google Analytics) and email services providers. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website, emails and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our direct marketing communications and/or newsletters ("communication data"). The communication data may include your name, email address, postal address, phone number or marketing preferences (update them here). This communication data may be processed for the purposes of contacting you with service notifications, such as that your order has been processed, or contacting you with relevant offers and messages. The legal basis for this processing is performance of a contract for service notifications and legitimate interests for direct marketing communications.
We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("enquiry data"). This enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of providing clarification, resolving issues or marketing relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and to ensure we are responding to your enquiry.
We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of improving our digital marketing  ("digital marketing data").  We may use digital marketing data in a number of different ways: either to advertise our products and services to you on third party websites such as Facebook, or to advertise our products and services to similar customers (lookalikes) on third party websites such as Facebook. We may also use digital marketing data to exclude you from seeing  advertisements from third party websites such as Facebook. The digital marketing data may include your name, email address, billing address, phone number, date of birth, gender, and the user ID of any social platforms you have connected with us on. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely providing better services and enhancing our customer base.
Please be aware that CCTV is in operation at our head office.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so. If you do share your friends’ details with us, please ensure you have their authorisation.
3. Providing your personal data to others
We do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party – including your name, address, email address or credit card information. We want to earn and maintain your trust, and we believe this is absolutely essential in order do that.
However, we may disclose your personal data with the following categories of companies as an essential part of being able to provide our services to you, as set out in this policy:
To any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy
to our insurers and professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice
to companies approved by you, such as Facebook and other social media sites (if you choose to link your accounts to us)
to companies that do things to get your wine orders to you, such as warehouses, order packers and delivery companies
to deliver exciting news and offers to you we will use postal printing and mailing, as well as email service providers
Financial transactions relating to our website, app and stores are handled by our card payment service providers. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 3, we may disclose your personal data with law enforcement and fraud prevention agencies, so we can help tackle fraud or where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person, or in connection with the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court or not.
4. Transfers outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
We have model clauses in place across our group of companies, listed in our most recent annual report (www.majesticwineplc.co.uk). Your data could be processed by our staff working outside the EEA, in particular the United States of America and Australia. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure your information is treated securely and in line with this policy. You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website, for example wine reviews, may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
5. How long we retain your data
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
If you have registered on our website but not purchased from us, the length of time we will retain your data is dependent on whether you have opted into our marketing communications. If you have opted in, we will retain your data for 2 years from registration; if you have not opted in, we will retain your data for 30 days from registration.
Whilst you are an active customer (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means you have purchased from us) we will retain your data for as long as needed to give you the best possible customer service. We will anonymise your personal data 7 years after your last transaction (sale, refund or Cellar Circle, Fine Wine Discovery Club or cellarage payment) provided you have not interacted with us for 2 years. For the purposes of this policy, an interaction is defined as an identifiable website session, or contacting our contact centre. We will inform you before we anonymise your data and give you the option for us to retain your details in order to continue to serve you.
For any wine that you have requested us to keep in our bonded warehouse, whilst it remains under bond we, by law, need to retain the purchase history, including all personal details associated with that purchase in order to prove the bonded value to HMRC.
In all instances outlined above, the process of anonymising your data may take up to one calendar month.
In certain circumstances we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
6. Your rights
You have a number of rights in respect to your personal data.  We have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights. You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by either (i) emailing us on customercare@laywheeler.com, or (ii) calling our Customer Care Team on 01473 313 300.
Right of access
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge. In order to fulfil this right we will ask for government registered ID to confirm your identity and, once this is received, will respond with the relevant information one calendar month from the date of your request.
Right to rectification
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
Right to erasure
In certain circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure, such as where processing is necessary for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information, for compliance with a legal obligation, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. If you have entered into a transaction with us, we will keep a record of your personal data for seven years following the date of your last transaction with us. We will endeavor to respond to your request within one month, but if your request is complex or we receive a number of similar requests at the same time, it might take us longer, in which case we will inform you within one month of the receipt of the request and explain why we think an extension is necessary.
Right to restriction on processing
In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: (a) you contest the accuracy of the personal data; (b) processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; (c) we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and (d) you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: (a) with your consent; (b) for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; (c) for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or (d) for reasons of important public interest.
Right to objection to processing
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: (a) the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or (b) the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless (a) we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or (b) the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You also have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
Right to data portability
In certain circumstances, you have the right to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit that information to another controller to enable it to use the data. The right to data portability applies (a) to personal data you have provided to us as data controller, (b) where the processing is based on the your consent or for the performance of a contract and (c) when processing is carried out by automated means. If you request this information, we will transmit the data directly to another controller, if this is technically feasible. We are, however, not required to adopt or maintain processing systems that are technically compatible with other controllers. Also, if the personal data concerns more than one individual, we must consider whether providing the information would prejudice the rights of other individuals.
In case you exercise your right to data portability, we will endeavor to respond to your request within one month, but if your request is complex or we receive a number of similar requests at the same time, it might take us longer, in which case we will inform you within one month of the receipt of the request and explain why we think an extension is necessary.
Right to stop marketing messages
At any time you can amend your marketing preferences to reduce, remove or increase the amount we contact you with special offers. You can do this by accessing your account here.
Right to withdraw consent
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
Right to complain
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your personal data, please contact us in the first instance at customercare@laywheeler.com and we will endeavour to deal with your request as soon as possible. If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement. Our supervisory authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can contact them on https://ico.org.uk/.
7. Recruitment
For details of the way we process information relating to external candidates please refer to our recruitment data retention policy which can be found here.
8. Cookies
We use cookies on our website. For more information on cookies, please see our cookie policy.
9. Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
10 Data Protection Officer
As a company we do not have a data protection officer, but we do have a team trained to help with any data protection query.  If you have any concerns or questions about how we protect your privacy, please contact the team either on customercare@laywheeler.com.
v1.0
02/05/2018
Contact Us
Contact information
Lay & Wheeler Limited
Holton ParkHolton St Mary, CO7 6NN
Sales
sales@laywheeler.com
01473 313 300
Customer Care
customercare@laywheeler.com
01473 313 233
Opening Times
Mon to Fri: 9am - 5pm
Help & Support
Help / FAQ
Contact Us
About Us
Join our team
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
Keep up to date
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Instagram
Follow us on Twitter
Our Wines
French Wines
Bordeaux
Burgundy
Rhône
Champagne
Loire
Spanish Wines
Spanish wines
Italian Wines
Italian Wines
New World
Australian Wines
New Zealand Wines
South African Wines
Argentine Wines
Chilean Wines
USA Wines
Other European Regions
German Wines
Austrian Wines
Portuguese Wines
English Wines
Our Services
Storing Your Wine
Selling Your Wine
Events
description Trade list
You must be over 18 years of age to purchase alcohol, please drink responsibly.
© 2021 Lay & Wheeler Ltd
Registered company 5730318 (England) | VAT Registration No: GB 637 0806 39 | Data Protection Register: Z7042967 |  AWRS URN: XRAW00000102532
Registered Address: Holton Park, Holton St. Mary, Suffolk, CO7 6NN
Use of cookies by Lay & Wheeler
We use cookies to deliver a better experience for you on our site. By continuing you agree to our use of cookies.
Accept & Close