Privacy policy
Free subscription
Get the hottest stories from the largest news site in Nigeria
Be the first to get hottest news from our Editor-in-Chief
Please use a valid email
Sign up
Thank you!
Check your email and confirm your subscription
You are already subscribed to our newsletter!
Check your inbox to be the first to know the hottest news
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Latest Politics Hausa News Wealth Entertainment NG People News Sports BBNaija 2021 Business
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy explains what personal data is collected when you use the website https://www.legit.ng/ (“Website”), any Legit.ng mobile application (“App”) and the services provided through it (together the “Service” or “Legit”), how such personal data will be used.
BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU PROMISE US THAT (I) YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AND (II) YOU ARE OVER 16 YEARS OF AGE (OR HAVE HAD YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN READ AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR YOU). If you do not agree, or are unable to make this promise, you must not use the Service.
“Process”, in respect of personal data, includes to collect, store, and disclose to others.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PERSONAL DATA CONTROLLER
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
DATA PROTECTION PRINCIPLES
FOR WHAT PURPOSES WE PROCESS PERSONAL DATA
UNDER WHAT LEGAL BASES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
HOW YOU CAN EXERCISE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
AGE LIMITATION
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
DATA RETENTION
CONTACT US
1. PERSONAL DATA CONTROLLER
Naij.com Media Ltd. will be the controller of your personal data.
2. CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
We collect data you give us voluntarily (for example, an email address). We also collect data automatically (for example, your IP address).
2.1. Data you give us
You may be asked to provide us information about yourself when you use certain features of the Service. If you decide to subscribe for newsletter or to submit news to Legit, you may be asked to provide your email address.
You may use an opportunity to post comments on Legit. Comments are always public: they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines. You should be aware that any personal information you submit in comments can be read, collected and used by other users of the Service.
We may collect information you enter when clicking on third-party advertisements placed on the Service such as your email address, name and phone number.
2.2. Data provided to us by third parties
When you decide to log in the App using Facebook, we get personal data from your Facebook. This includes your profile image, name, and Facebook ID.
When you choose to submit news to us in your App, we may get personal data from your Google account, which includes your profile image, name, and Google ID.
For more information, please refer to the Facebook Permissions Reference (describes the categories of information, which Facebook may share with third parties and the set of requirements) and to the Facebook Data policy. In addition, Facebook lets you control the choices you made when connecting your Facebook profile to the App on their Apps and Websites page.
To know more about how Google processes your data, visit its Privacy Policy.
2.3. Data we collect automatically:
2.3.1. Data about how you found us
We collect data about your referring URL (that is, the place on the Web where you were when you tapped/clicked on our ad).
2.3.2. Device and Location data
We collect data from your device. Examples of such data include: language settings, IP address, time zone, type and model of a device, device settings, operating system, Internet service provider, mobile carrier, hardware ID, and Facebook ID.
2.3.3. Usage data
We record how you interact with our Service. For example, we log the features, and content you interact with, how often you use the Service, how long you are on the Service, what sections you use, how many ads you watch.
2.3.4. Advertising IDs
We collect your Apple Identifier for Advertising (“IDFA”) or Google Advertising ID (“AAID”) (depending on the operating system of your device). You can typically reset these numbers through the settings of your device’s operating system (but we do not control this).
2.3.5. Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies. A session cookie expires when you close your browser and is used to make it easier for you to navigate our Service. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. We also use tracking pixels that set cookies to assist with delivering online advertising. Cookies set by us are called first-party cookies. We also use third party cookies, which are cookies from a domain different from the domain of our Website, for our advertising and marketing efforts.
Cookies are used by us for the following purposes:
To speed up loading of pages.
To recognise and count the number of visitors, to know which pages are the most and least popular, and to see how visitors move around our Website when they are using it. As a result, we will be able to improve the way our Website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
To make our Website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
To measure advertising performance.
To prevent fraudulent activity and improve security.
To personalize the content of the Website.
To analyze performance of the Website and fix bugs.
Cookie data will be stored on your device and most of the times only for a limited time period. You can manage your cookies as set out in Clause 4.7 below.
3. DATA PROTECTION PRINCIPLES
In our data protection practices we strive, in particular, to provide that personal data is:
processed in accordance with specific, legitimate and lawful purpose consented to by you;
is adequate, accurate and without prejudice to the dignity of human person;
stored only for the period within which it is reasonably needed; and
secured against reasonably foreseeable hazards and breaches such as theft, cyberattack, viral attack, dissemination, manipulations of any kind, damage by rain, fire or exposure to other natural elements.
4. FOR WHAT PURPOSES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We process your personal data:
4.1. To provide our Service
This includes enabling you to use the Service in a seamless manner and preventing or addressing Service errors or technical issues.
To host personal data and enable our App to operate and be distributed we use Amazon Web Services, which is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon.
4.2. To customize your experience
We process your personal data to adjust the content of the Service and make offers tailored to your personal preferences and interests.
4.3. To provide you with customer support
We process your personal data to respond to your requests for technical support, Service information or to any other communication you initiate. For this purpose, we may send you, for example, notifications or emails about the performance of our Service, security, notices regarding our Terms and Conditions of Use or this Privacy Policy.
4.4. To communicate with you regarding your use of our Service
We communicate with you, for example, by sending email newsletters. As a result, you may receive information on the latest events in the world every day. To opt out of receiving emails, you need to follow unsubscribe link located in the footer of the email or by contacting our support team at info@corp.legit.ng.
The services that we use for these purposes may collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by our users, as well as when they interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
We use OneSignal Push Notification service, that is a mobile and web notifications service provided by OneSignal. Push notification allows us to send information to iOS and Android devices as well as to most web-browsers. Learn more about OneSignal’s approach to data in its Privacy Policy.
4.5. To research and analyze your use of the Service
This helps us to better understand our business, analyze our operations, maintain, improve, innovate, plan, design, and develop Legit and our new products. We also use such data for statistical analysis purposes, to test and improve our offers. This enables us to better understand what features and sections of Legit our users like more, what categories of users use our Service. As a consequence, we often decide how to improve Legit based on the results obtained from this processing. For example, if we discover that users are not interested in Gossip News, we may focus on improving it or replacing it with other news category.
To analyse how visitors use our Website and to measure effectiveness of some ads we use Google Analytics, a web analysis program of Google. In order to provide us with analytics, Google Analytics places cookies on your device. On Google Analytics we get, in particular, aggregated information on the data you enter on our Website and users’ interactions within the Website. Google allows you to influence the collection and processing of information generated by the Google, in particular, by installing a browser plug-in, available here. You can read more about how Google uses information here.
4.6. To send you marketing communications
We process your personal data for our marketing campaigns. We may add your email address to our marketing list. As a result, you will receive information about our products, such as for example, special offers, and products of our partners. If you do not want to receive marketing emails from us, you can unsubscribe following instructions in the footer of the marketing emails or by contacting our support team at info@corp.legit.ng.
We may also show you advertisements on the Website, and send you push notifications for marketing purposes. To opt out of receiving push notifications, you need to change the settings on your device or/and browser.
4.7. To personalize our ads
We and our partners use your personal data to tailor ads and possibly even show them to you at the relevant time. For example, if you have visited our Website, you might see ads of our products, for example, in your Facebook’s feed.
We may target advertising to you through a variety of ad networks and exchanges, using data from advertising technologies on and off of our Services like, unique cookie, or similar tracking technology, pixel, device identifiers, geolocation, operation system information, email.
How to opt out or influence personalized advertising
iOS: On your iPhone or iPad, go to “Settings,” then “Privacy” and tap “Advertising” to select “Limit Ad Track”. In addition, you can reset your advertising identifier (this also may help you to see less of personalized ads) in the same section.
Android: To opt-out of ads on an Android device, simply open the Google Settings app on your mobile phone, tap “Ads” and enable “Opt out of interest-based ads”. In addition, you can reset your advertising identifier in the same section (this also may help you to see less of personalized ads).
To learn even more about how to affect advertising choices on various devices, please look at the information available here.
In addition, you may get useful information and opt out of some interest-based advertising, by visiting the following links:
Network Advertising Initiative – https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
Digital Advertising Alliance – https://optout.aboutads.info/
Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada) – https://youradchoices.ca/choices
Digital Advertising Alliance (EU) – https://www.youronlinechoices.com/
DAA AppChoices page – https://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
Browsers: It is also may be possible to stop your browser from accepting cookies altogether by changing your browser’s cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser. The following links may be helpful, or you can use the “Help” option in your browser.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web and iOS
Detailed instructions on how to control your cookies through browser settings can also be found here: https://www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-control-cookies/.
Please note that blocking all cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our Website.
Google allows its users to opt out of Google’s personalized ads and to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics.
Facebook also allows its users to influence the types of ads they see on Facebook. To find how to control the ads you see on Facebook, please go here or adjust your ads settings on Facebook.
4.8. To enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use and to prevent and combat fraud
We use personal data to enforce our agreements and contractual commitments, to detect, prevent, and combat fraud. As a result of such processing, we may share your information with others, including law enforcement agencies (in particular, if a dispute arises in connection with our Terms and Conditions of Use).
4.9. To comply with legal obligations
We may process, use, or share your data when the law requires it, in particular, if a law enforcement agency requests your data by available legal means.
5. UNDER WHAT LEGAL BASES WE PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We process your personal data, in particular, under the following legal bases:
your consent;
to perform our contract with you;
for our (or others') legitimate interests;
Under this legal basis we, in particular:
communicate with you regarding your use of our Service
This includes, for example, sending you push notifications. The legitimate interest we rely on for this purpose is our interest to encourage you to use our Service more often. We also take into account the potential benefits to you.
research and analyze your use of the Service
Our legitimate interest for this purpose is our interest in improving our Service so that we understand users’ preferences and are able to provide you with a better experience (for example, to make the use of our mobile application easier and more enjoyable, or to introduce and test new features).
send you marketing communications
The legitimate interest we rely on for this processing is our interest to promote our Service in a measured and appropriate way.
personalize our ads
The legitimate interest we rely on for this processing is our interest to promote our Service in a reasonably targeted way.
enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use and to prevent and combat fraud
Our legitimate interests for this purpose are enforcing our legal rights, preventing and addressing fraud and unauthorised use of the Service, non-compliance with our Terms and Conditions of Use.
to comply with legal obligations.
6. WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We share information with third parties that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support, and market our Service. We may share some sets of personal data, in particular, for purposes and with parties indicated in Section 4 of this Privacy Policy. The types of third parties we share information with include, in particular:
6.1. Service providers
We share personal data with third parties that we hire to provide services or perform business functions on our behalf, based on our instructions. We may share your personal information with the following types of service providers:
cloud storage providers
data analytics providers (Google)
marketing partners (in particular, social media networks, marketing agencies, email delivery services; such as Facebook, Google, Mailfire, Sentry)
6.2. Law enforcement agencies and other public authorities
We may use and disclose personal data to enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use, to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others, and to respond to requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, or in other cases provided for by law.
6.3. Third parties as part of a merger or acquisition
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customers’ information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also share such information with any affiliated entity (e.g. parent company or subsidiary) and may transfer such information in the course of a corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
7. HOW YOU CAN EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
To be in control of your personal data, you have the following rights:
Accessing / reviewing / updating / correcting your personal data. You may request a copy of, as well as updating and correcting your personal data collected during your use of the Service at info@corp.legit.ng.
Deleting your personal data. You can request erasure of your personal data by sending us an email at info@corp.legit.ng.
When you request deletion of your personal data, we will use reasonable efforts to honor your request. In some cases we may be legally required to keep some of the data for a certain time; in such event, we will fulfill your request after we have complied with our obligations.
Objecting to or restricting the use of your personal data (including for direct marketing purposes). You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data or limit our use thereof by sending a request at info@corp.legit.ng.
The right to lodge a complaint with supervisory authority. We would love you to contact us directly, so we could address your concerns. Nevertheless, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection supervisory authority.
8. AGE LIMITATION
We do not knowingly process personal data from persons under 16 years of age. If you learn that anyone younger than 16 has provided us with personal data, please contact us at info@corp.legit.ng.
9. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to make material changes to this Privacy Policy, you will be notified through our Service or by other available means and will have an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy. By continuing to access or use the Service after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
10. DATA RETENTION
We will store your personal data for as long as it is reasonably necessary for achieving the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy (including providing the Service to you). We will also retain and use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
11. CONTACT US
You may contact us at any time for details regarding this Privacy Policy and its previous versions. For any questions concerning your personal data please contact us at info@corp.legit.ng.
Effective as of: 10 March 2021
More about our company
About Us Our Team Our Manifesto Contact us Advertise with us Submit your story DMCA Removal
Privacy Policy Terms and conditions Policies and standards Categories Tags Jiji.ng Legit.ng Charity
Social media
Facebook Instagram Twitter Telegram YouTube Naija News
Hausa Business newsletter Anime names for boys and girls Sweet words for her Cool last names Richest footballer in the world
Read us
Be the first to get hottest news from our Editor-in-Chief
Please use a valid email
Sign up
Thank you!
Check your email and confirm your subscription
You are already subscribed to our newsletter!
Check your inbox to be the first to know the hottest news
Our applications for phones
Naij.com Media Limited, 2021
All rights reserved