Privacy Policy - Met Office
Skip to main content
Menu
Weather & climate
Research programmes
Services
About us
Met Office
Search site
Search
x
Back
Weather & climate
Everything you need to know about the forecast, and making the most of the weather.
Find a forecast
Warnings & advice
Warnings & advice
UK weather warnings
UK Storm Centre
Seasonal advice
Maps & charts
Maps & charts
UK weather map
UK rainfall radar
UK forecast
Surface pressure charts
All countries
Climate
Climate
What is climate change?
Causes of climate change
Effects of climate change
UK climate
Climate science
Organisations and reports
Specialist forecasts
Specialist forecasts
Coast and Sea
Mountain
Space Weather
Learn about...
Learn about...
Past UK weather events
Weather
How forecasts are made
Met Office for Schools
Research programmes
The latest breakthroughs, research and news from the Met Office.
Our approach
Our approach
Overview by our Chief Scientist
How Met Office science is reviewed
Collaboration
Modelling systems
Monitoring
Our scientists
Weather science
Weather science
Atmospheric dispersion and air quality
Data assimilation
Ensemble forecasting
Observations research and development
Ocean forecasting
Research to operations
Satellite applications
Verification, impacts and post-processing
Weather science IT
Climate science
Climate science
Climate, cryosphere and oceans
Climate impacts
Climate monitoring and attribution
Earth system science
Monthly to decadal prediction
UK climate maps and data
Understanding climate change
Applied science
Applied science
Aviation applications
Climate information for international development
Climate security
Climate services
Defence applications
Post-processing applications
Science for Impacts, Resilience and Adaptation (SIRA)
Science health strategy
Foundation science
Foundation science
Atmospheric processes and parametrizations
Dynamic research
Global modelling
Informatics Lab
Observation-based research
Regional model evaluation and development
Library
News
Services
Support your business with world-leading science and technology.
Government
Government
Defence and security
Devolved administrations
Environmental Hazard and Resilience Services
International development
MO Hadley Centre Climate Programme
Transport
Transport
Aviation commercial
Aviation regulated
CAV
Marine
Rail
Road
Business & industry
Business & industry
Agriculture
Construction
Energy
Event management
Legal and insurance
Media
Mining
Retail
Water
Data
Data
Weather and climate data
Research & consulting
Research & consulting
Access a meteorologist
Climate service
International programmes
Weather and climate consultancy
Insights
About us
Who we are, what we do and organisational news.
Who we are
Supplying the Met Office
Supplying the Met Office
Advertising
Procurement
Press Office
Press Office
Weather and climate news
Corporate news
News blog
Podcasts
Contact the Press Office
Careers
Careers
Working at the Met Office
Your career
Vacancies
Rewards and benefits
Equality, diversity and inclusion
Apprentices, graduates and placements
Contact us
Contact us
Contact details
Feedback form
How to find us
Settings
Privacy Policy
The Met Office takes the privacy of its customers very seriously. This privacy policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you.
The Data Controller is the Met Office, FitzRoy Road, Exeter, Devon, EX1 3PB on behalf of the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (BEIS).
The Met Office is an Executive Agency of  BEIS and is registered with the Supervisory Authority (in the name of BEIS), Registration No. Z1839175.
The right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority:
If you have any concerns relating to the handling of your personal data, you may refer the matter to the Supervisory Authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office, who can be contacted at: Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF https://ico.org.uk/.  Telephone: 0303 123 1113.
Find out about:
Personal information we may collect from you
How we will use information about you
Access to your information
Where we store and process your personal information
Disclosure of your information
Cookies
Met Office App
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
Personal information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following information about you:
Information that you provide, for example when you place an order for data or data services together with the details necessary to administer your account.
Information that you provide by filling in forms and subscribing to our services.
Information that you provide to us when you write to us, including by email or when we speak to you by telephone.
Information that you provide to us by completing feedback, surveys or participating in competitions.
Information that you provide to us in relation to our public task duties.
How we will use information about you
We will only use your personal information when the law allows us to.  Most commonly, we will use your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you (contractual necessity).
Where we need to carry out our public task duties (public interests).
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. (legitimate interests).
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation (compliance with legal obligations).
Where you have provided your consent (consent).
We may use information about you in the following ways:
Registration details and customer information will be used to administer your account, to keep a record of which services you have subscribed to and to deliver the services you have requested.
To provide you with information about Met Office offers and services (direct marketing) that you request from us or which we believe may be of interest to you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes or where we believe it is in our legitimate interests to do so.  You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for direct marketing purposes. If at any time you wish to opt out of directing marketing, please contact opt-out@metoffice.gov.uk.
To ensure that contact from the Met Office website is presented in the most effective manner.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between us.
By submitting your details to us, the Met Office may contact you to request your feedback and views to help us improve our services.  We will contact you via our own internal platforms and third party service providers accredited to the Market Research Society for this purpose, who will contact you on our behalf.
We do not sell your personal information to any other organisations.
The basis of our legitimate interests:
To keep our records up to date and to monitor how our customers use our products and services.
To develop our products and services.
To help us improve our services.
To respond to enquiries from members of the public.
Please note that we may process your personal information for more than one lawful basis depending on the specific purposes for which we are using your information.  Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal basis we are relying upon to process your personal information.
Access to your information
You have the following rights under data protection legislation in relation to the processing of your personal data:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
The right to prevent automated decision making and -profiling.
For further information in respect of your rights as a data subject, please see details on the Information Commissioner’s Office. To exercise any of the above rights, please contact legal@metoffice.gov.uk
Please note that we may require evidence of your identity in relation to your request.
Where we store and process your personal information
The Met Office is responsible for the processing of your personal information and is based in the United Kingdom (UK).
We will not transfer your personal information outside the European Economic Area (EEA) unless suitable safeguards are in place.
Whenever we transfer your personal information from the UK outside the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal information to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal information by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries
Where we use certain data processors, we may use specific contractual clauses approved by the European Commission which give personal information the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries
Our technology services providers or other contracted service providers may also have access or store data for us, but solely for use on behalf of the Met Office in accordance with our instructions and under our control.
You may be able to access your own registration details over the Internet from locations abroad. This privacy policy covers just processing by the Met Office and does not cover any processing which may be carried out by your Internet service provider.
You may also access your registration details through the relevant customer administration page, using your customer password. Access is strictly controlled and password protected. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the Met Office websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Disclosure of your information
We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason, and that reason is compatible with the original purposes.  If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
Please note that we may process your personal information without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
We may share your personal information with our external third party processors for the purposes of the provision of our services to you and to help us improve our services.
We require all third party processors to respect the security of your personal information and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third party processors to use your personal information for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal information for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
How long do we retain your data?
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including the purposes of satisfying any legal and regulatory requirements.
Unless otherwise specified, we will hold your personal information:
In accordance with our business needs, ie managing our relationship with you;
Whilst we provide you with our services;
In accordance with our contractual retention period;
In accordance with any legal and regulatory requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Cookies
To find out how the Met Office use cookies, please see How cookies are used by the Met Office
Other websites
The Met Office website contains links to other websites.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
Met Office App
The Met Office takes the privacy of its customers very seriously. This privacy policy applies to your use of the Met Office Android or iOS mobile application software (“App”) and explains how we use any personal information we collect about you. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children below the age of 13. Do not use the App if you are below the age of 13 without obtaining parental consent.
The Data Controller is the Met Office, FitzRoy Road, Exeter, Devon, EX1 3PB on behalf of the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (BEIS).
The Met Office is an Executive Agency of BEIS and is registered with the Supervisory Authority (in the name of BEIS), Registration No. Z1839175.
The right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority:
If you have any concerns relating to the handling of your personal information, you may refer the matter to the Supervisory Authority, the Information Commissioner’s Office, who can be contacted at: Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF https://ico.org.uk/.  Telephone: 0303 123 1113.
The data we collect about you
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal information about you as follows:
Contact Data
Transaction Data
Device Data
Content Data
Profile Data
Usage Data
Marketing and Communications Data
Location Data
These categories of data are explained further below.
We also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data to provide us with insight into users experience within the App.  Our analytics helps us understand how our products are being used to help user experience. We also use analytics to identify when there is a problem with the App. For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific App feature. You have the ability within the App to switch your analytics preferences to “off” if you wish. You can do this by switching the ‘Performance’ toggle to ‘off’ in our Privacy consent screen, within the settings menu.
We do not collect any special categories of personal information about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
How is your personal information collected?
We will collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. This is information (including Identity, Contact, and Marketing and Communications Data) you consent to giving us about you. It can include information you provide when you download or register an App, search for an App, enter a competition, promotion or survey, and when you report a problem with an App
If you contact us, we will keep a record of that correspondence
Information we collect about you and your device. With your consent, each time you use our App we will automatically collect personal information including Device, Content and Usage Data. We collect this data using App storage technology
Location Data: We also use device GPS to determine your current location, both for analytics purposes (crash reporting) and to deliver you location-specific weather forecasts. Some of our location-enabled services require your personal information for the feature to work. You can withdraw your consent at any time by disabling Location Data in your settings, or to disable analytics (crash reporting) you can do this in the settings on the App
Unique application numbers. When you want to install or uninstall a service containing a unique application number or when such a service searches for automatic updates, that number and information about your installation, for example, the type of operating system, may be sent to us.
Tracking technologies
We use App data to distinguish you from other users of the App on the distribution platform (Google Play store or Apple App Store) to remember your preferences. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use the App and also allows us to improve the App.
Purposes for which we will use your personal information
We will only use your personal information when the law allows us to.  Most commonly, we will use your personal information in the following circumstances:
To install the App and register you as a new App user (Consent)
To manage our relationship with you including notifying you of changes to the App or any services and to deliver our services (Consent, Contractual Necessity, Legitimate Interests)
To enable you to participate in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey (Consent, Legitimate Interests)
To administer and protect our business and this App including troubleshooting, data analysis and system testing (Legitimate Interests)
To measure and analyse the effectiveness of the advertising we serve you and to monitor trends so we can improve the App (Consent, Legitimate Interests).
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation (compliance with legal obligations)
To deliver content and advertisements (including personalised advertisements) to you (Consent, Legitimate Interests).
The Met Office app participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. The app uses the Consent Management Platform provided by OneTrust, with the identification number 28.
With your consent (provided through the App) we will process your personal information to deliver you adverts more relevant to you. Personalised advertising within the App adheres to the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework (TCF). You can choose your consent options through the settings menu by selecting ‘Manage your privacy settings’ and then ‘Manage preferences’. You can also object to the use of legitimate interests here if you wish. You can find details of the Transparency and Consent Framework at https://iabeurope.eu/iab-europe-transparency-consent-framework-policies/
You should also note that you may also see personalised adverts that rely on your consent given through another App not related to the Met Office if that App uses the same platform to deliver adverts as the Met Office.
Although the Met Office cannot directly control your non-personalised advertising settings for you, there are some steps that you can take to further control these yourself:
Settings can apply differently across web browser and mobile platforms, if you are accessing Met Office services though the web browser on your mobile device, you should read our web privacy policy and follow the instructions given in our Cookie Policy. However, mobile applications use different technologies to recognise your device. To turn off your App usage data being used to target advertising within apps on your device generally you should follow the instructions below:
Google Android:
1. Go to Settings.
2. Select Google in the Accounts section.
3. Select Ads in the Privacy section.
4. Tick Opt out of interest based ads.
Apple iOS:
1. Go to Settings > Privacy
2. Please refer to Apple's support site for further information.
Met Office third-party advertising partners
You can review the third-party advertising vendors and how this information is being used in our privacy consent screen, which is shown both on first downloading the app or at any time within the app by navigating to Settings -> Manage your privacy settings -> List of partners (Vendors).
If the privacy consent screen does not appear on first opening the app (for example if you have no network connection at that time) then your preferences will be defaulted to off, but we will still be using the ‘Strictly necessary’ SDKs. Software Development Kits (SDKs) are collections of software tools used by developers to provide specific aspects of app functionality, for example sending push notifications, or the video player which serves the latest presented forecast videos.
You can also customise your consent preferences for our tracking technologies within the privacy settings screen.
Strictly necessary SDKs
Below is a list of the third party SDKs (Software Development Kits) deemed as strictly necessary in the Met Office app, and therefore those which are ‘Always on’. These will be on even when ‘Reject all’ has been chosen for your consent preferences:
Brightcove video player – this SDK allows the forecast video to be played in the app. It transfers some analytics to Brightcove, such as how long the video has been played for, but this is non-identifiable information. You can view the Brightcove Privacy Policy at https://www.brightcove.com/en/legal/services-privacy-policy
Amazon Pinpoint – This stores information such as device identifier and location tags on your device, and is used in order to enable push notifications for National Severe Weather Warnings. You can view the Amazon AWS Privacy Policy at https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
Mapbox – This enables maps to be shown within the Met Office app, including those where National Severe Weather warnings are displayed. You can view the Mapbox Privacy Policy at https://www.mapbox.com/legal/privacy
Met Office Analytics partners:
Firebase Analytics and Crash Reporting:
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/
International transfers
Please refer to the Privacy Policies of our third party adverting and analytics partners as detailed above.
Data security
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.
Any payment transactions relating to in App purchases will be carried out by Apple for iOS devices.  Please see details on https://www.apple.com/uk/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Any payment transactions relating to in App purchases will be carried out by Google Play Store for Android devices.  Please see details on https://policies.google.com/privacy
Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way.  We will collect and store personal information on your Device using application data caches and other technology.  Certain services include social networking features. Ensure when using these features that you do not submit any personal information that you do not want to be seen, collected or used by other users.  We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator when we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
In the event that you uninstall the App, information/technologies stored on your device will be deleted.
Please also refer to the Privacy Policies of our third party advertising and analytics providers as detailed above relating to the retention of your personal information.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances you have the following rights under data protection legislation in relation to your personal data:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
The right to prevent automated decision making and profiling.
For further information in respect of your rights as a data subject, please see details on the Information Commissioner’s Office. To exercise any of the above rights, please contact legal@metoffice.gov.uk
Please note that we may require evidence of your identity in relation to your request.
Changes to our privacy policy
This privacy policy may occasionally be updated or amended therefore we advise you to revisit this page regularly. This privacy policy was last reviewed on 26 January 2021.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you, please contact us:
by email to the Met Office Data Protection Practitioner to legal@metoffice.gov.uk;
or write to our Data Protection Practitioner at the address set out above.
You may also contact the Data Protection Officer at the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy:
by e-mail to dataprotection@beis.gov.uk
or write to the Data Protection Officer at:
BEIS Data Protection Officer,
Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy
1 Victoria Street,
London,
SW1H 0ET
Help us improve our website
Take our short survey
Met Office College
National Meteorological Library & Archive
Weather Observations Website (WOW)
Accessibility
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Legal
Email updates
RSS
© Crown Copyright
© Crown Copyright