Security & privacy | Monsoon UK.
{
"action": "Globale-ScriptLoaderData",
"queryString": "",
"locale": "en_GB",
"clientJsUrl": "https://web.global-e.com/merchant/clientsdk/659",
"apiVersion": "",
"clientJsMerchantId": 659,
"geCookieName": "GlobalE_Data",
"clientSettings": {},
"clientJsDomain": "https://web.global-e.com",
"cookieDomain": "www.monsoon.co.uk",
"globaleOperatedCountry": false,
"performFrontendSiteUrlRedirect": true,
"getSiteRedirectUrl": "https://www.monsoon.co.uk/on/demandware.store/Sites-monsoon-uk-Site/en_GB/Globale-GetSiteRedirectUrl",
"geEnabled": false,
"country": "GB",
"countryName": "United Kingdom",
"currency": "GBP",
"culture": "en-GB",
"loadedProviders": {
"EmailValidation": {
"id": "EmailValidationData8",
"isAbstract": false,
"settings": {
"level": "Address",
"relyOnIt": true,
"communicationApproach": "JS",
"messageForUnavailable": "Service is Unavailale",
"messageForInvalid": "Oops, that doesn’t seem to be a valid email, please try again",
"messageForInconclusive": "Result could not be determined",
"messageForCatchAll": "The address being checked will be accepted, but may be returned later.",
"messageForGreyListed": "Mail server declined to indicate whether the address was valid or not due to a greylisting rule"
},
"renderTemplate": null,
"componentName": "provider/EmailValidationData8Component",
"registryScope": null,
"communicationApproach": "JS"
}
}
}
Please enable cookies in your web browser to improve your shopping experience
Your browser’s Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you experience this sites full capabilities
Final clearance - up to 70% off -
while stocks last
Shop women
Shop children
Shipping country
United Kingdom
£
Change
Skip to main content
Womens
Womens Clothing
New In Womens Clothing
Dresses
Tops & T-shirts
Trousers & Jeans
Linen
Jumpsuits & Playsuits
Skirts
Casual Wear
Jackets & Coats
Swimwear & Beachwear
Jumpers & Cardigans
S.E.W Sustainable Collection
Denim
Loungewear & Nightwear
Shop All
Dresses
Casual & Day Dresses
Midi & Maxi Dresses
Occasion Dresses
Boho Dresses
Summer Party Dresses
Shop All
Shoes & Accessories
New In Womens Accessories & Shoes
Shoes & Sandals
Accessories
Handbags & Purses
Face Coverings
Shop All
Summer styles made for always
SHOP WOMEN
Children
Girls Clothing 3-12yrs
New in Childrens Clothing
Girls Dresses
Girls Coats & Jackets
Girls Party
Girls Tops & T-shirts
Girls Sets & Outfits
Girls Skirts & Shorts
Girls Trousers & Leggings
Girls Jumpsuits & Playsuits
Girls Knitwear
Girls Beach & Swimwear
Unicorn Clothing & Accessories
Shop All
Baby Girl 0-3yrs
Baby Girl Dresses
Baby Girl Coats & Jackets
Baby Girl Sets & Outfits
Baby Girl Rompers & Jumpsuits
Baby Girl Beach & Swimwear
Baby Girl Knitwear
Shop All
Newborn 0-18mths
Newborn Clothing 0-18mths
Back to School Clothing & Accessories
Back to School Clothing
Back to School Shoes & Accessories
Boys Clothing 0-12yrs
Boys Coats & Jackets
Boys Tops & T-shirts
Boys Trousers, Jeans & Shorts
Boys Suits & Sets
Boys Knitwear, Sweatshirts & Hoodies
Boys Accessories
Shop All
Teen Girls
Teen Girls Clothing & Shoes
Childrens Accessories
Childrens Hats
Girls Hair Accessories
Girls Tights & Socks
Girls Bags & Purses
Girls Jewellery
Baby Accessories
Shop All
Childrens Shoes
Girls Shoes
Baby Shoes
Boys Shoes
Shop All
Sparkles & smiles
SHOP CHILDREN
Wedding
The Bride
Wedding Dresses
Wedding Accessories
Wedding Shoes
Shop All
Wedding Party
Bridesmaid Dresses & Accessories
Flower Girl Dresses & Accessories
Wedding Guest Dresses & Outfits
Mother of the Bride
Page Boy Suits & Outfits
Shop All
The wedding boutique
SHOP BRIDE
SHOP BRIDESMAIDS
Holiday Shop
Women's Holiday Collection
Summer Dresses
Summer Jumpsuits & Playsuits
Summer Tops & T-Shirts
Summer Vest Tops & Camis
Summer Skirts
Summer Shorts
Summer Beach & Swimwear
Summer Sandals
Summer Accessories
Shop All
Children's Holiday Collection
Girls Summer Beach & Swimwear
Girls Summer Dresses
Girls Summer Playsuits and Jumpsuits
Girls Summer Tops & T-shirts
Girls Summer Skirts & Shorts
Baby Summer Beach & Swimwear
Baby Summer Clothing
Children's Summer Sandals & Flip Flops
Children's Summer Accessories
Shop All
Holiday shop
Shop women
Shop children
Home & Gifting
Magazine
Sale
Womens Sale
Casualwear Sale
Dresses & Jumpsuits Sale
Knitwear Sale
Jackets & Coats Sale
Tops Sale
Skirts Sale
Trousers, Jeans & Leggings Sale
Occasionwear Sale
Swimwear & Beach Sale
Shoes & Accessories Sale
Home Sale
Last Chance to Buy Women's Sale
Shop All
Childrens Sale
Childrens Casualwear 0-15 Years Sale
Childrens Jackets & Coats Sale
Childrens Partywear 0-15 Years Sale
Childrens Dresses Sale
Childrens Beach & Swimwear Sale
Girls 3-15 Years Sale
Baby Girl 0-3 Years Sale
Boys 0-12 Years Sale
Childrens Shoes & Accessories Sale
Last Chance to Buy Children's Sale
Shop All
up to 70% off allsale styles
Shop women
Shop children
Sign In / Register
Rewards
Wishlist
0
Items
Help
Delivery
Returns & Refunds
Contact Us
FAQ
Shipping country
United Kingdom
£
Change
Search
Search...
Clear
Sign In
My Account
Sign In
Don't you have an account?
Register
Rewards
Wishlist
0
Items
My bag
0
Shopping Bag
Your shopping bag is empty
It's in the bag
Continue Shopping
Checkout
Show all categories
Policies
Terms & conditions
Cookie policy
Security & privacy
Corporate responsibility
Accessibility
Security & privacy
Data Controller
Monsoon Brands Limited is the owner of this Website and responsible for any personal data (as that term is defined in the Data Protection Act 1998) you submit via the Website. We are notified with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office under registration number Z8135089, and are regulated by the ICO. If you have any complaints about our security or handling of your personal which we haven’t been able to resolve with you, you can contact the ICO at www.ico.org.uk.
Keeping you secure
When you shop with us we’ll ask you for certain information (such as your email address, name, address, and where you purchase a product, your payment details) to make sure that your order and delivery go smoothly. Any information you hand over reaches us fully encrypted through an SSL – a special security layer added to your account and checkout pages. You can see when you’re on a secure page, because the address in your browser will begin with https instead of http. And you can sleep easy, because your credit card details are processed in the UK.
Secure Payments
Verified by Visa & Mastercard securecode
You can register with Visa and Mastercard Securecode through your card issuing bank. It will bring up an extra security window after you check out that requires you to input digits from a pass code that you’ll have set with your bank.
Paypal
When you choose to pay with Paypal, your financial information isn’t even shared with us.
Keeping your password safe
Remember to keep your account password safe! We can help you to reset it now and then, but you’ll need to make sure that it stays with you and only you. Giving it out can represent a security risk and Monsoon Accessorize will not be liable for any loss or damage that might arise from this.
How we use your information
When you input your information into the website, we store it securely and might use it for:
Helping to process your orders
Providing admin support for your account
Helping with your enquiries
Crime and fraud prevention (when we might also share it with the police or other authorities if required by law)
Marketing (subject to your account preferences, which you can change in My Account)
Administering promotions or competitions (when we might also need to share the information with third parties in order to deliver you your prize!)
Analysis of our customer base and profiling in order to decide which products or services you might prefer and so these are tailored to you
Except as listed above, or to our other group companies who are involved in processing orders/administrative support, we don’t share your information with any third parties except our suppliers or processors who we’ve checked out first and who we appoint to work with us to provide services to you. These suppliers include the teams delivering products to you and our marketing agencies.
We only keep your information as long as we need to, for the purposes listed above. When we don’t need it any more we delete it securely. Please note if you ask us to stop processing your information for marketing purposes, we may need to actually retain some of it to ensure your details are kept on our marketing suppression lists.
If you’d like to know what information we hold about you or have any queries about the security or our processing of your information, please contact Customer Services
Cookies & how to manage your preferences
Most websites use cookies, and we do too, to keep offering you the best service. A cookie is way of transferring little bits of information from our website back to us, which means, for example, that we can see which pages or products are our most popular and then create a better experience for you in future.
There are a few different kinds of cookies and they each do slightly different things.
Website functionality cookies
These simply enable you to browse our website and use all our functions, like your Shopping Bag or Account pages.
Website analysis cookies
These help us to understand how our customers are using our website, and we use this information to constantly improve the way we do things.
Customer preference cookies
These help us to make sure your online experience is simple, easy and relevant to you.
Targeting cookies
We sometimes run online advertising campaigns, and, if we think you’ll be interested in what we have to say, targeting cookies will help us to deliver that message to you. More importantly, they limit the amount of times you see any of our ads.
To find out more about cookies and how you can manage your cookie preferences please visit DAA
Having Issues?
Accessing secure pages
It may be that there’s a firewall blocking your access to secure pages. Some businesses or networks use firewalls to moderate the content employees or users can see. Try contacting your IT team to request access.
Finding your card's security code
On most credit and debit cards, this code is found on the reverse of your card. Take the last three digits of the number on your signature strip – that should be it. On American Express cards, look for a four-digit number on the front.
Verified by Visa & Mastercard securecode
If you’re having issues with your password for this, you’ll need to contact your card-issuing bank. We don’t have access to any of your account information for Visa and Mastercard Securecode.
Cookies
To find out more about cookies and how you can manage your cookie preferences please visit DAA
Download Full Copy
Stay in touch with us
Get new arrivals, styling inspiration and exclusive offers straight to your inbox
We are sorry we were not able to subscribe you at this moment, please try again later.
Sign me up for the Monsoon emails, featuring exclusive offers, latest product info, news about upcoming events and more.
Please see our Privacy Policy for more details
Sign up
Thank you for your subscription!
Please check your email for confirmation.
Delivery & returns
Check Order
Delivery & collection
International delivery
Returns & refunds
Need help?
Help & FAQs
Contact us
Stores & opening hours
Size guide
Denim fit guide
Services
Reward members club
Clothes for life
Monsoon flowers
Site map
Gift Cards
About us
Our brand
Charity
Sustainability
Artisan
Careers
Policies
Terms & conditions
Cookie policy
Security & privacy
Corporate responsibility
Accessibility
Store Locator
Shipping country
United Kingdom
£
Change
© 2020 MONSOON BRANDS LTD All rights reserved
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Pinterest
Youtube
Back to top