My oddschecker | Privacy Policy | OddscheckerFree BetsCasinoPokerBingoTipsInsightLog InSign UpMy BookmakersMy BetsOdds FormatFractionalDecimalAccountExchange SettingsBet BasketMarket MoversTV CalendarTime ZoneCalculatorsSafer GamblingHelpFeedbackBetting Termsoddschecker Betting HomeHorse RacingFootballGolfGreyhoundsTennisAll SportsFree SpinsFootball Coupon0American FootballAustralian RulesAwardsBadmintonBaseballBasketballBowlsBoxingCheltenhamChessCricketCyclingDartsE-SportsFootballGaelic GamesGolfGrand NationalGreyhoundsHandballHarness RacingHorse RacingIce HockeyMotorsportNoveltyPoliticsPoolRoyal AscotRugby LeagueRugby UnionSnookerTVTable TennisTennisUFC/MMAVolleyballTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCookiesPrivacy Policy: Oddschecker
Let's talk about Privacy
At Oddschecker, we like to make things easier for our customers and that includes being clear and open about how and why we use your personal information.
We know there's nothing more off-putting than the sight of a lot of boring small print, so we've written our Privacy Policy in plain English to make it clear, simple and easy to read.
We hope you'll find it helpful but if you have any concerns or questions please feel free to contact our Data Privacy Office.
This Privacy Policy was updated in March 2018.
We will update it from time to time and if we make any changes that could significantly affect you, we'll let you know before they happen.
Our policy explains how Oddschecker uses your personal data, whether you're an occasional visitor to our website or mobile app, or signed in to your Oddschecker account.
There is a lot of information, and we know you won't want to read it all at once, but where you see the '!' symbol, it indicates something that we particularly need you to be aware of as it may have an impact on your privacy.
This includes information you may not already know about your data privacy rights, circumstances in which we share and obtain information about you, and how we use it to personalise the marketing your receive.
Please take time to read those sections carefully.
Our Privacy Promise
We never lose sight of the fact that your personal information is your personal information.
Your privacy is important both to you and to us and we make the following promise to you:
Oddschecker is committed to protecting your privacy.
We believe in using your personal information to make things simpler and better for you.
We will always keep your personal information safe.
We'll be clear and open with you about why we collect your personal information and how we use it. Where you have choices or rights, we'll explain them to you and respect your wishes.
Our Privacy Policy
Who's in control of your information?
'Oddschecker' is a trading name of Cyan Blue Odds Limited.
We're part of a group made up of Cyan Blue Odds Limited, Cyan Blue International Limited, Bonne Terre, Hestview Group and Core Gaming Limited.
Our trading names include Oddschecker, Sky Betting & Gaming, Sky Bet, Sky Vegas, Sky Casino, Sky Bingo, Sky Poker, Sky Games, Sky Sports Super 6, Sky Sports Fantasy Football and Sportinglife.
We may share your personal information among all the companies in our group for any of the purposes outlined in this policy.
Although it's part of our group, Oddschecker (Cyan Blue Odds Limited) maintains its own separate privacy policy as its products and services differ from those of our other group companies.
This policy relates to the personal information we collect and use when you interact with Oddschecker products and services.
If you are also a customer of any of the other companies in our group, you should also read and refer to the Sky Betting and Gaming privacy policy.
In the UK, to comply with local data protection law, Cyan Blue Odds Limited is registered as a 'Data Controller' with the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) and details are published on a public register on the ICO website at http://ico.org.uk.
As a UK-based organisation, our business is governed by European data privacy law, principally the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
This provides a privacy framework considered substantially similar to that required by the Australian Privacy Act 1988, and ensures that your personal information is handled in compliance with the Australian Privacy Principles.
Our Data Protection Officer
If you have any concerns about how Oddschecker handles your personal information, you can contact our Data Protection Officer here
If you wish to submit a subject access request or a request to exercise any of your rights here, please click here for details of how to do so.
Collecting information about you
We collect personal information about you whenever you use Oddschecker products and services.
Some of it is information you give us directly if you sign up or register for an account, and other information is collected as you interact with us by using our website or App or if you contact us with a query.
Information we get from you
You can browse the Oddschecker App or website without being required to give us any personal information, although, as we explain below will collect some information from the device you are using.
If you sign up on the site or App we will ask you for your email address, and if you complete the online registration for an account we ask for your name and e-mail address.
If you contact us with a query or complaint we will, of course, record your contact information and details of your query.
Information we get from your device
We collect information from the devices you use to access Oddschecker.
This includes the following:
your IP address (a number that identifies a specific device on the internet and is required for your device to communicate with websites), hardware model, operating system and version, software, user agent, device information, preferred language, serial numbers, device motion information, mobile network information and location data.
We collect Web server log files, which may include information such as dates and times of access, the features or pages you view, app or site crashes and other system activity, the third party site or service you were using immediately before you came to our site, and the URL you go to immediately after leaving our site.
Our website may also use Hotair and Apsee.
These are third parties that assist us by providing recording services, which record mouse clicks and movements, page scrolling and any text you key into forms on the site. This data helps us to improve our website, find and fix errors and improve site functionality and is also used for statistical reporting about site use and performance.
Information we get via Cookies
'Cookies' are small text files stored in your web browser that enable us to recognise your computer when you visit our website or our mobile app.
Cookies are essential to keep certain parts of our website functioning correctly and securely.
We also use them to make things quicker, easier and more personal to you, and to help us understand how our websites are used.
They can also be used to present you with more tailored content or advertising.
To do all of these things, cookies collect some personal information about you whenever you use our websites.
You can choose whether to accept or reject some or all types of cookies through your device's browser settings.
We will make you aware of this by showing you our cookie banner when you visit our site.
If you then continue to use our websites without adjusting your browser settings, we will use cookies as set out in the sections below, so to help you make an informed choice, you need to understand why we use the different types of cookie and what that means for your online experience.
This section provides you with a summary of the main points and tells you how switching off the different types of cookie will affect your experience on our websites.
Most cookies we use are "session cookies," which are automatically deleted at the end of a browsing session, but we also use "persistent" cookies. These stay on your hard drive and we use it to automatically recognise you as the same visitor when you return to our site or app. The cookie itself contains no personally identifiable information about you but it does pass an ID to our server which allows us to tie the cookie to you so we can update the homepage to let you know what has changed since your last visit.
The cookies we use fall into the following categories:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: Making Our Websites and Apps Work
These Cookies are essential so that you can move around our sites and log in to the secure areas. They also enable us to deliver content to you in a way that works for your device.
Without these cookies you would be unable to access your account, so if you opt out of receiving them parts of our site will not work correctly and may not work at all.
A few examples of the ways in which we use strictly necessary cookies:
Allowing you to navigate smoothly around our site;
Showing content in the best format for you device and positioning it for your screen;
keeping you logged in so that you don't have to log in each time you visit;
enabling you to stream content without having to repeatedly adjust volume and viewing settings;
Making sure that anything you add to the bet basket remains there for your visit.
Functionality cookies: Enabling the Features of the website
These Cookies allow our websites to remember choices you have made, such as your user name, your preferred odds format, your marketing preferences and your region.
They help us keep you logged into your account as you navigate around our websites, and enable you to use features such as resetting your user name.
We also use them to personalise your experience by, for example, showing different content to regular site users and first time visitors,
giving you access to information provided by social media websites such as Twitter, or to show you 'related article' links relevant to information you're looking at.
Without these cookies you will still be able to use the site but might experience difficulty in using certain features, and will need to keep logging in as you navigate around our sites.
You may find that the content you see on the site is not as relevant to you.
A few examples of the ways we use functionality cookies:
Remembering your preferred bookie ordering.
Remembering if you've filled in a survey, so we don't ask you to do it again.
Restricting the number of times you're shown a particular advertisement. (Sometimes called 'frequency capping'.)
Analytical Cookies - Monitoring the performance of our websites:
These Cookies collect information about how people use our websites and how the sites are performing, e.g. how many people visit, which pages are most popular and whether and where people see error messages.
They also ensure we can pay our commercial partners correctly for users they refer to us.
A few examples of the ways in which we use Analytical cookies:
to identify trends about how people navigate around our websites;
to help us keep our content relevant and up to date;
to count the number of times a page or email has been viewed and help us
measure the effectiveness of our content and communication; and
to improve the functioning of our applications and websites.
Without these cookies you will still be able to use and enjoy all the online features of our websites
Web Beacons ('tracking pixels')
Our websites and some of the emails we send also contain small invisible images known as 'web beacons' or 'tracking pixels'.
These are used to count the number of times the page or email has been viewed and help us measure the effectiveness of our marketing.
The web beacons are anonymous and do not contain or collect any information that identifies you as an individual.
Targeting Cookies - Marketing & advertising:
These cookies are used to deliver adverts and content that are more relevant to you as well as to limit the number of times you see a particular advertisement and to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. The Cookies remember that you have visited a website, and we share this information with a third party organisation, OptinMonster, for advertising purposes.
We also use them to test and improve our products and services by, for example, trying out different product experiences with different groups of customers to see which is most popular
Without these cookies:
You will be able to use and enjoy all the features of our websites but the adverts you see will not be tailored to your interests
Tracking Cookies: Online Behavioural Advertising
We sell space on some of our websites to advertisers, and the resulting adverts often contain cookies.
We also place cookies to collect non-personal information about visitors to the site that we then sell to advertisers.
The information allows us and them to identify you as the same online visitor, even though it does not tell them who you are. They may then use this to restrict the number of times you see the same advert and to show you adverts that are more likely to be relevant to you, based on your online activity, both on our site and on third party websites you may visit.
Sometimes our websites will contain ads for products and services provided by other companies within our Group (such as Sky Bet or Sky Vegas, for example) and these ads use cookies in the ways described above
We use cookies placed by third party companies including Rubicon Project, Facebook (Audience Pixels), Google (Tag Manager) and Connextra, to collect non-personal data that is used for online behavioural advertising purposes. To opt out of the collection and use of data in your browser you will need to follow the instructions provided in your browser settings.
Your opt-out choice is applied only to the browser from which you make the choice, so if you use different browsers you will need to opt out in each one. The opt-out is cookie-based, so if you delete your cookies, you will no longer be opted out and will need to opt out again.
Without these cookies:
you will be able to use and enjoy the features of our websites, and you will still be presented with advertising but it is unlikely to be relevant to you.
If you would like to find out more information about Online Behavioural Advertising, and the choices you have, the following websites are helpful:
Your Online Choices- Provides information and allows you to choose not to receive behavioural advertising from the majority of the advertising networks.
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)- Please see the "opt-out" page. This allows you to opt-out of behavioural advertising from each of the ad networks represented by the NAI.
European Digital Advertising Alliance- Please see the Online Behavioural Advertising Choices page.
In Australia - Your Online Choices
Controlling my cookies
All modern browsers allow you to see what cookies you have, and to clear them individually or in their entirety by changing your cookie settings.
Cookie settings are typically found in the 'options' or 'preferences' menu of your browser, otherwise you should use the 'Help' option in your browser for more details.
You may also find the links below helpful:
org (contains information about cookies on a wide variety of desktop browsers.)
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
Cookie settings in Edge
Information we get from external companies
Like many companies, from time to time we may supplement the information we hold about you with data from companies like Experian or, in the UK, the Royal Mail that collate and update address and household information from a range of sources and make it commercially available.
This helps us keep our records up to date, fill gaps in our data and learn more about our customers so we can continue to improve our products and services.
We will only work with reputable organisations that obtain their data legally in accordance with data protection law.
Occasionally, we obtain lists of potential customers from companies that collate these details and make them commercially available for marketing purposes.
We only deal with reputable companies that take privacy as seriously as we do and have obtained your consent to share this data with us or with companies in our sector for marketing, and you will always be able to opt out of receiving further marketing from us.
If we acquire another business, we will usually obtain customer information as part of the handover process.
In this case, we or the other company will let you know that your personal information is changing hands, provide you with a copy of this privacy policy after completion of the acquisition, and explain what to do if you do not wish your information to change hands.
Information we get from social media
If you raise a query or a complaint through the Oddschecker or Sky Betting and Gaming Facebook or Twitter pages, we will of course have a record of your user name and will use this to talk to you to resolve the matter you've raised and keep accurate records of how it was resolved.
We may use information posted publicly on social media sites to help us understand how our customers interact with us.
For example, we might look at which groups of customers are more likely to contact us via social media or to use social media to talk about our products and services.
We do this in a way that does not identify individual customers.
How and why we use your personal information
We use the information we hold about you in a range of different ways, which fall into these broad categories:
Things we need to do in order to provide you with the products or services you've requested
Things we need to do to meet legal or regulatory obligations
Things that enable us to run our business effectively and efficiently, and
Things we do with your consent for marketing purposes
We're telling you this because European data protection law gives you rights over your personal data, which differ according to which of these categories it falls into.
This section explains more about each category, the rights it gives you, how to exercise them and what that means in practice.
Providing our products and services
As you would expect, we use your personal information to provide you with our products and services; respond to queries and provide you with the best possible level of customer service.
We use technical information about your device, such as operating system, browser version and location to present you with the correct version of our website or app and keep it functioning securely and correctly.
Like most organisations, to provide our products and services we share your information with external organisations working on our behalf.
You can find out more about this here
Privacy Rights: Can I opt out of having any of my data used in this way?
This category covers everything that is essential for us to provide you with the service(s) you use or sign up for.
If you don't want your data used in this way your option is to not use our services and to close your account
Meeting our Obligations: Legal and Regulatory Requirements
The companies in our group need to comply with a range of legal and regulatory requirements, some of which involve the use of personal information and/or set timescales for which we need to keep that information.
Where necessary, we may use any of the personal data we hold about you across any of our group companies, including Oddschecker, to help us comply with these requirements.
We may also use it to ensure that our products and services are not used for illegal purposes such as event manipulation, "matchrigging" and other forms of cheating.
Where we find data or behaviour that could indicate illegal activity we share information with third parties, including the European Sports Security Association (ESSA) and the police.
We are also subject to the requirements of laws and regulations relating to other aspects of our business, such as complaint handling or advertising and marketing and some of these too involve the use of, or set timescales for holding, your personal information.
Privacy Rights: Can I opt out of having my personal information used in this way?
This category covers activities we are obliged to do in order to provide our products and services legally, responsibly, and in line with the requirements of our regulators, and ultimately to protect our customers and our business.
If you don't want your data used in this way your option is to not use our services and to close your account
Running our business effectively and efficiently
There are some things we do to help us operate as a commercial organisation.
We have a legitimate interest in carrying out these activities, and where they involve using your personal information, we are careful to carry them out in a way that minimises any impact on your privacy.
In Europe, data protection law gives you the 'right of objection' to the activities in this category if your right to privacy outweighs our legitimate business interest in doing them.
You always have the option to exercise this right but, as we explain in more detail below, the activities in this category are central to our business, so if you wish to do so it will usually mean you need to close your account and stop using our services.
Please read this section carefully and ensure you are happy with it before providing us with your personal information.
Business insights
We carry out basic analytics to help us understand, how, when, where and why our customers use our services, and how our business is performing.
This helps us monitor and plan everything from the effectiveness of our advertising through to ensuring we have enough staff available to handle queries at peak times.
It also gives us a much clearer picture of our customers generally, the broad demographic groups they fit into (e.g. age group, gender, location, etc.) and the products and services they use, which in turn helps us to develop better and more relevant features, products and services.
We do this analysis in a way that does not identify individual customers so there is no impact on the privacy of any one person.
Privacy Rights: Can I object to this?
Like any business, we need to keep a close eye on how our business is performing and whether we're meeting the needs of our customers.
As we take care to do this in a way that does not identify you as an individual, there is no impact on your privacy.
If you don't want your data used in this way your option is to not use our services and close your account.
Giving you a more personal experience
Whichever products or services you use, wherever and however you interact with us, we want to give you the same great level of service and make it personal to you.
We will tailor your experience, personalising the layout and content of our sites according to what we know about you, your preferences and how you like to use our services.
For example, we will present you with features we know you have used or think you are likely to use, and personalise search results to show more relevant results first.
We also look at aggregated (non-identifiable) data showing the products and features our customers use and based on that we suggest products and features we think you'll enjoy because they are popular with other people who use the same products and features as you.
Privacy Rights: Can I object to this?
We believe this personalised experience makes betting and gaming better and we want to give you the best customer experience we can.
Using your personal data in this way enables us to do that, and does not have an impact on your privacy.
If you don't want your data used in this way your option is to not use our services and to close your account
Please note that some aspects of your customer experience are provided via cookies.
If you have enabled cookies in your browser, we will personalise certain aspects of our site, such as remembering your user name and location, and you can control this via your browser settings.
You can learn more about how to control this here
Protecting our commercial interests
Most people use our products and services fairly, but if we become aware of account activity or behaviour that breaches our Terms and Conditions or could be prejudicial to our commercial interests, we will investigate.
In rare circumstances this may include looking at a customer's behaviour on our other group products and services as well as Oddschecker.
At our discretion, we have the right to use this information in making decisions about whether to place restrictions on, or ultimately to close, a customer's account(s) with any of our group companies.
This is not something we do lightly and we consider a wide variety of factors in making such a decision, including any relevant information obtained from industry data bases.
Please be assured that we do not use cookies to obtain information for this purpose, and that the decision to restrict or close an account is always made with substantial human intervention; it is never wholly automated.
Privacy Rights: Can I object to this?
As a business, we have a legitimate interest in protecting our commercial interests against deliberate misuse, and we are confident that we do it in a way that is proportionate to the risks we face and has minimal impact on your privacy.
If you don't want your data used in this way your option is to not use our services and to close your account
Market Research
We will occasionally invite you to give feedback on services you have used or to take part in customer surveys, questionnaires or focus groups.
We will contact you online or via email, directly or through a third party organisation, such as Redeye, acting on our behalf.
Taking part in research is always voluntary, and where we use a third party we do not pass over any details (other than your contact details so they can send you the initial request or invitation) unless and until we have your consent to do so.
Privacy Rights: Can I opt out of this?
It's really important for any business to find out what its customers think.
As we are careful to limit the number and frequency of feedback/research requests we send to any one person, and you can always decline to take part, there is no adverse impact on your privacy and you cannot opt out of receiving these occasional requests.
Things we do with your consent: Marketing
Direct Marketing
We will send you offers and information only if you have given your consent for us to do so, in which case we will contact you via email, post, SMS or online about any of our group products and services.
We never share your data with companies outside our group for them to use for their own marketing.
From time to time, we may team up with a third party to bring you details of a product or service we think may interest you, but where we do this the contact will come from us - we will never pass your details to the third party without your prior consent.
Keeping it Relevant
We want to make betting and gaming better for you, so we want to be able to tell you about products, services and features that you will find exciting and relevant and we tailor the offers and information we send to suit you.
To do this, we look at what we know about you across our group, such as your age, location and gender, your browsing history, social media usage and how you interact with us, and build up a picture of you that helps us decide what you're most likely to want to hear about. (This is sometimes known as 'Profiling').
We also combine this with information we've obtained from publicly or commercially available sources about what people the things people with similar characteristics to you (in terms of age, gender, location etc.) tend to be interested in, so we can fine-tune the offers we present to you.
Putting You in Control
We firmly believe our customers prefer offers and information that are relevant to them and their interests over general adverts, so we tailor all our marketing using this picture we've built up of you.
We think this makes our marketing better both for you and for us.
However, data protection law gives you the right to opt out of having your personal data used to build up this type of picture and predict what you might be interested in, so you can opt out at any time.
As we explain above, all our marketing is tailored to you in this way, so to opt out of this type of personalisation you will need to opt out of receiving all direct marketing from us.
You can do this when you sign up by not ticking the box to opt in to marketing, or at any point later on via your online account. We won't then send you offers and information by post, email or SMS but we will continue to personalise your online experience based on the picture we've built up of you.
This means you'll continue to benefit from a more personalised look and feel on our websites and apps, and will still see the following:
Targeted pop-ups telling you about products, services and offers we think you'll like
Bespoke offers relevant to you, communicated through pop-ups or other on-site content
Targeted messages on social media platforms such as Facebook or Twitter (which you can control easily through your privacy settings on each individual platform) and in other places on the internet that support targeted advertising.
We think this strikes the best balance: it lets you opt out of receiving marketing through offline channels (post, email and SMS) while still enjoying the best online experience, and without having to miss out on benefits.
However, if you prefer not to receive any personalised messages or offers online you can opt out in your online account.
If you do opt out you will experience a less personal look and feel on our sites and apps and won't get to hear about bespoke offers, but don't worry - we will continue to personalise those aspects of your online experience that are not marketing-related so, for example, you will still see your preferred bookie ordering.
Please also note the following:
Where applicable, we will still make onsite recommendations for products you might enjoy. We base these on how our customers as a whole tend to use our sites and features, not on information about you as an individual.
Some personalised banner adverts on our sites are controlled separately through cookies, so you will also need to adjust your browser's cookie settings or you will continue to see them.
You may still see our adverts on other websites or social media platforms you visit, but these will not be targeted at you.
Marketing: Keeping it relevant and putting you in control - At a Glance:
All our marketing is tailored to be more relevant and interesting to you so if you're:
Happy to receive personalised offers and information by email, post, SMS and online - Make sure you opt in to direct marketing
Happy to see personalised offers and information when you're online but don't want to receive them by email, post or SMS - you need to opt out of direct marketing
Not happy to see personalised offers and information online or by e-mail, post or SMS - be sure to opt out of personalised marketing and adjust your cookie settings to avoid receiving banner adverts
Remember, you can change your mind at any time by updating your preferences in your account.
Online Banner Adverts: Cookies
If you have enabled cookies in your browser you may receive banner adverts on our homepage, as these are cookie-based and not tailored using other information we hold about you.
As they are cookie-based you may receive them even if you have opted out of other personalised marketing but you can control them easily via your browser settings
Advertising on social media
If you have given your consent to marketing, we may work with social media companies such as Facebook and Twitter to provide you with information about our products and services via their platforms.
If you do not wish to see these adverts, you can control this easily by disabling preference-based marketing in the privacy settings on each individual platform.
Even if you have withdrawn your consent to personalised marketing by us, you may still occasionally see general adverts for our group products and services on your social media feeds.
These will not be specifically targeted to you, and again, you can control this via the privacy settings on each platform.
Online Behavioural Advertising
We use cookies placed by third parties to collect personal information about your browsing activity, which is then grouped with data about what other people with similar interests and characteristics (in terms of age, gender, location, etc. are looking at).
The combined information is used to show you online adverts based on those interests, either for our own products and services or those of a third party (this is known as 'Online behavioural Advertising').
You can find out more about preventing this in the section about cookies.
Marketing on our apps: Push Messages
When using our app, you will receive push messages.
These can be easily disabled through your phone or device's settings.
Privacy Rights: Can I opt out of this?
Yes, you have the right to opt out of having your information used for direct marketing and the right to opt out of having it used to build up a picture of you so we can personalise our marketing to suit you.
Please read the sections headed 'Keeping it relevant' and 'putting you in control', which explain how we use your personal data in our marketing and how to control the marketing you see, and remember you can change your mind about receiving marketing material from us at any time via your preferences in My Oddschecker.
If you wish to opt out of e-mail marketing only, you can also do this by clicking on the link at the bottom of any email we have sent you, and you can disable our push notifications via your phone's settings.
As our marketing campaigns are prepared well in advance, you are likely to continue to receive material for a short period of time after updating your preferences.
Sharing your information
Third Party Bookmakers
We will share your personal information with the bookmakers with which you indicate you'd like to open an account. These Third Party Bookmakers will then use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies.
Each bookmaker has its own privacy policy so you are advised to refer to the relevant policy and ensure you are happy with the way your personal data will be used before opening your account.
We provide links to the terms and conditions of use and the privacy policies of these Third Party Bookmakers during the account opening procedure.
Companies that provide services on our behalf
We share your personal information with external organisations that carry out a range of services on our behalf for the purposes in this policy.
The main functions that are, or may be, carried out fully or in part by third parties are listed below:
Account set-up
Management and execution of marketing campaigns
Printing
Customer services
Checks to help us detect unfair use of our products and services
Web hosting, online content services and data storage
Management of competitions, contests and offers
Data analytics and data cleansing
Market research and collecting or analysing customer feedback
IT services and support
Audit-, legal- and compliance- related services
We carry out checks to ensure that the companies we work with will give your information the same level of care and protection as we do.
Both we and they are obliged to handle your information in accordance with data protection law, and we are also required to put in place contractual measures reinforcing those obligations.
Sending Personal Information outside Europe
Some of the third party providers we use are based in, or carry out some of their activities in, countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA), which is made up of the EU Member states plus certain countries considered to offer a standard of data protection equivalent to that of Europe.
Where this means personal information is transferred outside the EEA, we have to put in place additional legal protections on top of our standard checks and measures, to ensure it receives the same level of protection as it would within Europe.
We do this by using standardised contractual clauses (sometimes called 'the EU Model Clauses') approved by the European Commission and European privacy regulators, although there are alternative approved legal mechanisms which we can decide to use instead.
Where necessary, we also put in place any additional contractual measures required by local law in any of the countries in which we operate, except where they conflict with the General European Data Protection Regulation.
If you would like to know more about the EU 'Model Clauses' or the other measures organisations like Oddschecker can use when transferring personal data overseas, you can find information here
Oddschecker in Australia
As a UK-based organisation, our business is governed by European data privacy law, principally the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
This provides a privacy framework considered substantially similar to that required by the Australian Privacy Act 1988 so Australian customers can be assured that we handle your personal information in compliance with the Australian Privacy Principles.
Other Circumstances in which we may share your personal data
Apart from the functions set out above, we do not share your personal information with third parties except where we are compelled or permitted by law to do so.
These circumstances are rare, but may require us to share information with the police, courts or other law enforcement agencies, statutory bodies (in relation to matters such as taxation) and sporting bodies (in connection with sporting integrity issues), in any of the countries in which we operate.
Where necessary to protect or defend our rights and interests, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements, we will share personal data with our regulators, external legal advisors and debt recovery and tracing agencies, although again these circumstances are rare.
If ownership of all or part of our business changes or we undergo a reorganisation or restructure, we will transfer your personal information to the new owner or successor company so we or they can continue to provide the services you have requested.
Whenever we share personal information, and whatever the circumstances, we will always do so legally and with due regard to your privacy.
How long do we keep your information?
We hold your personal information only as long as we have a valid legal reason to do so, which includes providing you with the services you have requested, meeting our legal and regulatory obligations, resolving disputes and enforcing our agreements.
The length of time for which we keep different types of personal information can vary depending on why we originally obtained them, the reason we process them and the legal requirements that apply to them.
When setting our data retention and deletion timescales we take into account a range of factors and requirements including: gambling regulation, anti-money laundering rules, tax rules, payment industry requirements, complaint handling standards, the need to prevent or detect crime or other misuse of our services, and audit requirements.
To fulfil our various requirements and obligations, some of your personal data will need to be retained for a period of time after you cease to be a customer.
When we no longer need your personal information to fulfil the above requirements, we delete it securely.
Where we wish to retain any information for analysis purposes, we first anonymise it to the standards approved by the UK Information Commissioner (ICO) so that it can no longer be linked back to an individual. Please note that if you opt out of receiving marketing from us, we will still need to keep your contact details in order to suppress them from future marketing activity.
Privacy Rights:
What is my 'Right to be forgotten' and how do I exercise it?
Staying in control of your personal information: your privacy rights
We respect the fact that your personal information is your information so we want to be clear about what those rights mean in practice and how you can exercise them. Please see 'how and why we use your personal information' for more information about the purposes for which we process your information and the rights this gives you.
Oddschecker Customers in Australia
European privacy law gives people a number of privacy rights which go beyond those established under Australian privacy law, so some of the rights listed below (the right of objection, the right of data portability , the right to opt out of 'profiling' for direct marketing purposes and the right to erasure) do not apply to customers based in Australia.
However, your privacy is equally important to us wherever in the world you are and we will always try to accommodate reasonable requests if it's feasible for us to do so.
European data privacy law provides a privacy framework considered substantially similar to that required by the Australian Privacy Act 1988.
This means you can be reassured that your personal information is handled in compliance with the Australian Privacy Principles.
If you have any concerns about how Oddschecker handles your personal information, or about your privacy rights, you can contact us on dp@Oddschecker.com.
The right to opt out of having your information used for marketing
You can opt out of receiving direct marketing at any time.
You also have the right to opt out of having your information used to create a picture of you that we use to create a 'profile' of you for marketing purposes ').
We firmly believe that our customers prefer to receive offers and information that are relevant to them so we tailor all of our marketing to make it more relevant and interesting to our customers.
In practice this means that if you wish to opt out of having your information used to personalise your marketing, you will need to opt out of receiving all direct marketing from us.
Please read the sections 'Keeping it relevant' and 'putting you in control' for more details
The right to have any inaccuracies in your personal information corrected
You can update your personal details at any time via 'my Oddschecker' but please be aware that if you are also have an account with any of our other group companies, such as SkyBet or SkyBet Italia, you will need to update your personal details with them directly.
Please help us to help you by keeping your contact details up to date and letting us know if you spot any errors in the information we hold about you.
If it is something you cannot correct yourself online, you should contact us at feedback@oddschecker.com. We'll update inaccuracies promptly, and within a month if you are requesting a more complex change.
If we take the decision not to make the change you have requested, we will explain why and make a note on your account to show that you requested the change.
If you disagree with our decision, you have the right to complain to the privacy regulator
Your right of objection
Data protection law gives you the right to express an 'objection' to activities detailed in the section entitled 'Running our business effectively and efficiently' if you believe your privacy rights outweigh the legitimate interest we have as a business in doing those things.
Please read that section carefully before getting in touch with us and note that exercising your right of objection will usually mean you need to close your account and stop using our services.
If you disagree with our decision on this, you have the right to complain to the privacy regulator
This right does not apply to customers in Australia
Your right to erasure
People sometimes refer to this as the 'right to be forgotten'.
Under data protection law, you have the right to request erasure of your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where the courts or our regulators have found us to be processing it unlawfully
Where our original purpose for collecting the data has been completed and we have no other valid legal grounds for continuing to hold it
Where you have withdrawn your consent to marketing and personalised marketing, and asked us to delete the information we previously used for those purposes, in which case we will either delete it from our marketing systems or fully anonymise it but note that we will retain your contact details, in order to prevent further marketing
Where you have successfully exercised your 'right to object' to one of the activities in the section entitled 'running our business effectively and efficiently' and asked us to delete the information used for that purpose.
As we explain in that section, exercising your right of objection will usually mean closing your account, and in most cases we will need to retain your information for a period of time after your account is closed.
We will not delete information as long as we still have a valid legal or regulatory reason to hold it, unless the courts or our regulators order us to do so.
How do I exercise this right?
Please read the sections entitled 'How long do we keep information' and 'your right to erasure' carefully before contacting us.
If you still wish to exercise your right, you should contact us at DP@Oddschecker.com and we will respond to your request within a month.
If we uphold your request and erase your data we will, where applicable, also notify any third parties to which the data has been passed, where we are able to do so, and tell you who they are.
If we do not uphold your request, we will tell you why.
If you disagree, you have the right to complain to the privacy regulator
This right does not apply to customers in Australia
The Right to access the data we hold about you
If you would like a copy of the personal information Oddschecker holds about you, you should request it here.
We will ask you to complete and return a form, which is not compulsory but helps us to help you by providing the information you are looking for.
Before we respond to your request, we will ask you for valid proof of identity and once we've received it we will provide our response within one month.
If your request is unusually complex and likely to take longer than a month we will let you know as soon as we can and tell you how long we think it will take.
If you are also a customer of any of our other brands and companies, such as SkyBet or Sky Bingo and require any information we hold about you there, please let us know this when you make your request.
We will fulfil requests wherever possible, but there are occasional situations in which local or European data protection law requires or permits us to withhold some information (such as where it would involve disclosing information about another person or information which is commercially sensitive), or allows us to make a small charge.
If either of these applies, we will tell you why.
Your Right to 'Data Portability'
The right to 'data portability' aims to enable consumers to re-use some of their personal information online by making it available in a commonly-used, machine-readable format that can be passed to and used by other organisations.
This is a new initiative and it is not yet possible to 'port' data directly between providers in the betting and gaming industry.
However, if you wish to exercise this right, you should submit your request here, and we will provide you with the following information as a CSV file:
The personal and contact details held in your online account
Any other information you have provided online (note that this does not include any details submitted on paper)
Details you've provided online in connection with complaints or queries
Before responding to your request, we will ask you for valid proof of identity, and we will provide our response within one month of receiving it.
In future, it may become possible to transfer (or 'port') data directly between organisations.
In the meanwhile, if you would like to take your Oddschecker data to another provider you should first check that your chosen provider is able to upload data from a CSV file, before making your request as above and passing the file to the other provider yourself.
If you would like to 'port' your data into SBG from another provider, you should first contact us to see whether we can accommodate your request.
It is unlikely that we will be able to do so at the present time, but we will try to accommodate requests where we can.
This right does not apply to customers in Australia, but if you would like to receive the above data as a CSV file, please contact us and we will accommodate your request if it is feasible to do so.
Your right to complain to the regulator
If you believe your privacy rights have been infringed, or you disagree with a decision we have made about your privacy rights, you have the right to complain to the privacy regulator.
As we are based in the UK, our principal data protection regulator is the UK Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), but if you are in Australia, Germany, Italy, Ireland or any other country in which we operate, you may prefer to initiate contact through the regulator in your country of residence:
In Australia: oaic.gov.au
In Germany: bfdi.bund.de
In Gibraltar: gra.gi
In Ireland: dataprotection.ie
In the Isle of Man: ask@inforights.im
In Italy: garanteprivacy.it
In Jersey and Guernsey: enquiries@dataci.org
In Spain: agpd.es
In the UK: ico.org.uk
Links to third party sites
Sometimes our websites provide links to those of third parties.
These organisations and sites will have their own privacy policies which will not be the same as ours so when you visit one of these sites, check that you are happy with their privacy policy before providing them with any personal information.
Keeping your data secure
Our Security Accreditations
We adhere to ISO27001 principles, we are Cyber Essentials Plus accredited and PCI compliant
Your privacy and shared computers
If you log in to one of our websites from a shared computer, cookies may cause your e-mail address or user name to display in the login field to anyone who uses the site on that computer after you.
You can avoid this by clearing the Cookies stored by the web browser.
The option to do this is normally in the 'Tools' dropdown menu at the top of the browser window.
If you have opted to stay logged in, remember that another person using the same device could access your account unless you log out
Passwords and PINs
Remember to keep your passwords and PINs secret, choose complex passwords, change them periodically and never use the same password or PIN on multiple websitesHomeMyoddscheckerPrivacyFeatured EventsFootball OddsPremier League OddsEurovision OddsCheltenham Festival BettingGrand National OddsLatest Big EventsFootball CouponEuro 2020Grand National TipsRacing ResultsCheltenham TipsFree Bets & CasinoFree BetsFree Bet No DepositCasino BonusPoker BonusesFree Spins No DepositFree BetsBet365 Free BetsSkybet Free BetGrand National Free BetsWilliam Hill Free BetBetfred Free BetTips & InsightsFootball TipsPremier League TipsHorse Racing TipsGolf TipsPoker InsightsFree SpinsBet365 Casino ReviewWilliam Hill Casino ReviewPaddy Power Casino ReviewSky Vegas ReviewLeo Vegas Free SpinsAbout UsAdvertisingContact UsHelpCareersPrivacy & CookiesMobileRaigGambling Therapy30 in Free Bets when you place any betNew customers only. First single & e/w bet only. 5p minimum stake. 3 x 10 bet tokens. Free bet stakes not included in returns. Free bets exclude virtuals. Free bets are non withdrawable. No free bet expiry. Eligibility restrictions and further 18+ Begambleaware.org T&Cs applyClaimBet 10 Get 20 in Free BetsNew customers only, min deposit and bet 10 (20 if E/W bet) from UK Debit card only. Paypal not accepted. Min odds evens (1/5 per multi selection). 2 x 10 Free Bets valid for 7 days, stake not returned, no cash out.
T&Cs applyClaimBet 10 on 3pm Saturday PL game Get 50 in Free BetsNew customers only. Place a single pre-play 10 bet on any 3:00pm Kick Off Game this weekend in the Premier League. Get a total of 50 in sports Free Bets (20 on bet settlement + 10 for each remaining Game week 1 game - Norwich v Liverpool, Newcastle v West Ham and Tottenham v Man City). Only deposits via cards or Apple Pay will qualify. Free bets will be awarded after the qualifying bet has been settled.
T&Cs applyClaimBet 10 Get Up To 40 In Free BetsNew 18+ UK customers only. Register using the promo code FOOTBALL40, deposit and place first bet of 10 on football (cumulative price evens+) in one bet transaction. First bet must settle within the Promo Period (00:00 05/08/21 - 23:59 29/08/21).30 in Free Bets credited within 10 hours of bet settlement and expire after 7 days. Additional 10 in Free Bets only credited if first bet doesnt win. Payment restrictions apply. SMS validation may be required.
T&Cs applyClaimSee all Special Offers