Outbrain Inc. Legal Center
Privacy Center
Error
All Contracts
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Security
Outbrain Trusted Partners
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Security
Nederlands (Dutch)  English (United States)  français (French)  Deutsch (German)  italiano (Italian)  日本語 (Japanese)  português (Portuguese)  español (Spanish)
Privacy Policy
Version 5.5
Effective April 28, 2021
Download
Table of Contents
Last Updated September 25, 2020Outbrain is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy ”) governs Outbrain’s use of data collected by us, including any and all personal data. Personal data is information that relates to you and may identify you as an individual. We use your personal data in line with all applicable laws. To ensure compliance and to align with Outbrain’s values around trust and transparency we have a team of privacy champions responsible for continuously implementing our global privacy program. + EXPAND ALL– COLLAPSE ALL1. Who we are, What we do, How you can contact Outbrain, our DPO or the relevant authorities+ Who we are:This privacy policy applies to Outbrain Inc., a Delaware, USA corporation with headquarters in New York; and its affiliated subsidiaries (collectively, “Outbrain,” or “we“, “us“, “our“). We operate in various offices around the world and we partner with publishers and marketers across the globe.Please note that Outbrains’ subsidiary Zemanta Inc has a separate Privacy Policy, which
can be found here.What we do:Outbrain’s mission is to serve interesting recommendations to you based on what we believe are your interests. To achieve our mission we enter into agreements with:online publishers and partners who want to recommend relevant content to their readers (this is Outbrain Engage);advertisers who want readers to view their content (this is Outbrain Amplify); andthird party partners who help us serve relevant recommendations.For further information on our Amplify (advertiser) services see here and our Engage (publisher) services see here.How to contact us:We regularly review our compliance with this Privacy Policy. Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed in the first instance to privacy@outbrain.com or by mail to Outbrain Inc., 222 Broadway 19th Floor, New York, NY 10038, Attn: Privacy Questions.If Outbrain does not satisfactorily answer your questions or concerns, you may also contact the following for advice, support or complaints:Outbrain’s external Data Protection Officer (“DPO”): ePrivacy GmbH, represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer. ePrivacy GmbH can be reached directly at dpo@outbrain.com ; and/orOutbrain's EU Data Representative of controller or processors not established in the Union: ePrivacy GmbH, can be contacted at https://www.eprivacy.eu and/orthe Information Commissioner’s Officer, which is Outbrain’s lead supervisory service within the European Territories. 2. Alliances and Adherence+ We adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles set forth by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance(EDAA);We are members in good standing of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), an association dedicated to responsible data collection and its use for digital advertising. We also adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct for Web and Mobile. Outbrain also adheres to the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s (IAB) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising, and the IAB Europe OBA Framework; andWe are also JICWEBS DTSG Brand Safety Certified here.3. Outbrain User Types (including Opt Out Options)+ Much of this Privacy Policy is divided into sections based on the way you may interact with Outbrain. You are either a Site Visitor, a User and/or a Business Partner (as defined below). Please determine what user type you are. For each user type we’ve explained what information we collect and why, what cookies and other similar technologies we use, how we share such information and your rights.Site Visitors: You are a Site Visitor when you visit and interact with our web sites, web pages, interactive features, blogs and their respective contents at Outbrain.com (or any derivation, such as Outbrain.co.uk; Outbrain.fr; outbrain.de etc.) (“Our Sites“). See more here.
(a) What information we collect and whyWe want to understand what services on Our Sites interest you and we want to remind you about the services we offer when you are not on Our Sites. In order to do this, we collect the following information from your device: (i) IP address; (ii) User Agent data: device type (e.g., iPhone), browser type (e.g., Chrome), operating system (e.g., iOS); (iii) the pages visited on Our Sites (e.g., the Outbrain “About” page); (iv) the time of visit (and corresponding time zone); and (v) referring URLs and other information normally transmitted in HTTP requests (e.g. information telling us how you arrived on Our Sites). In addition, we may also collect your name and email address if you agree to send your details to us via Our Sites (e.g., by signing up to receive our newsletter).
(b) What cookies and other similar technologies we usePlease see this Cookie Table, which is updated from time to time, under the section “Site Visitors” for a detailed list of first and third party cookies (and their corresponding retention periods) that may be used when you visit Our Sites.
(c) How we may share information Sharing Information we learn about you on Our Sites. We do not sell and/or share personal data about you with third parties for third party marketing or advertising purposes.
We may use various third parties (each listed on the Cookie Table) to help us market or advertise to you.
We require that these third parties and companies agree to comply with all applicable data protection laws, keep all information shared with them confidential and to use the information only to perform their obligations to us. We do this by entering into agreements with all third parties who process personal data.If you post on our blog, your comment and information will be publicly available. Please contact support@outbrain.com to remove your comment.Using Third Party Services on Our Sites.Our Sites contain links to other websites that we do not own or operate. We do not control, recommend or endorse the content, products, services, privacy policies or practices of these third party websites. For example, on Our Sites you will notice clickable icons which take you to the Outbrain Facebook page or the Outbrain LinkedIn page. If you choose to click on these links, you should know that these sites are not owned or operated by Outbrain and therefore these third party websites may send their own cookies to your device and they may independently collect personal data. It is therefore important that you get familiar with the privacy policies of these third party websites.Also see the Sharing section of this Privacy Policy.
(d) Your rightsOur Terms of Use govern your use of Our Sites and apply to you when you interact with Our Sites. You can stop using Our Sites at any time. If you do, you may also want to remove any cookies that we have placed on any device used to access Our Sites, you can do this via your browser. If during your use of Our Sites you provided your email address, any email you receive from Outbrain includes an “unsubscribe” option. In addition, you may also opt-out of direct marketing by emailing support@outbrain.com.For Site Visitors in the European Territory, Outbrain has implemented a consent management platform (powered by One Trust) on Our Sites that provides you with the opportunity to consent, or not consent, to cookies and similar tracking technologies. Upon accessing Our Sites, you will see a banner in the centre of the page with information about the cookies we use. You may click the banner to reject any cookies (for example, performance cookies or targeting cookies) that are not strictly necessary cookies (as defined in the Cookie Table). By pressing “I Accept” on the banner you are indicating your acceptance to cookies and similar tracking technologies. Outbrain’s lawful basis for processing personal data of European Territory Site Visitors on Our Sites is consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time Cookies Settings. In respect of all other Site Visitors not located in European Territories, we rely on our legitimate interest for processing any personal data however, this does not preclude non-European Territory Site Visitors from withdrawing consent at any time via our consent management platform. Users: You are a User when you visit a page of a website or application of one of Outbrain’s partners where the Outbrain widget is installed or our recommendations are placed (“Partner Sites”). For example, if you visit https://news.sky.com/uk, www.spiegel.de or www.cnn.com, the Outbrain widget is implemented on those websites. You know you are engaging with an Outbrain widget when you see text referencing Outbrain (e.g., “Recommended by Outbrain”, “by Outbrain” near recommendations If you click on the hyperlinked reference to Outbrain you will see a detailed notice that enables you to navigate to
Outbrain’s Interest Portal and this Privacy Policy where you can opt out of personalized recommendations. In some instances, a partner may have white-label Outbrain’s service for their own offering. In such an event, such partners must disclose their use of Outbrain in their privacy policies. See more here.Example of an Outbrain Widget.
(a) What information we collect and why We use UUIDs, IP Address and other Usage Information so that we can serve interesting recommendations. Outbrain’s recommendations may be paid for by an advertiser linking you to a new website or they may be organic such that the link is to another page on the same Partner’s Site.UUID.
When you, as a User, first visit a Partner Site (e.g., CNN.com), Outbrain drops a cookie on your device in order to generate a UUID. Alternatively, if you first interact with a Partner using that Partner’s application, Outbrain receives your advertiser ID which is assigned to you by your device. We catalogue and analyze the content you consume across Partner Sites. Our recommendations are based on: (i) a UUIDs browsing history; (ii) similar browsing patterns of other Users; (iii) recommendations that are generally popular
with Outbrain’s audience at this time; (iv) some randomness, and (v) targeting requirements that may be provided or requested by our Amplify clients. As an example, Outbrain may know that UUID 123 (which could be you on your iPhone X on The Guardian using Chrome as your browser) likes to read about far away holiday destinations and that people who like to read about far away holiday destinations also like to read about exotic food. When you interact with Outbrain we do not collect traditional personal data from you, like your email address or name, therefore we cannot associate your name with your UUID (for example, we do not know that John Smith, who is also UUID 123, likes to read about far away holiday destinations).The UUID is a sequence of numbers and/or letters. This UUID attaches itself to your device and varies depending on your browser combination. In other words, Outbrain records a different UUID depending on which device and/or which browser you use when accessing the Partner Sites. For example, you will have one UUID when you visit a Partner Site from your mobile phone using the browser Safari, and a different UUID when you visit a Partner Site from your iPad using the browser Safari. Outbrain will combine and consolidate a UUID from a mobile device (handheld or tablet) from a browser that then accesses an application (or vice versa) from that same device. Outbrain does not conduct cross device tracking and therefore cannot link a user interacting with Outbrain on their phone as the same user who is interacting with Outbrain on their desktop.IP Address
In addition to your UUID, we recognise your IP address, which we translate into geolocation and delete the last octet in order to mask the identifying information. We then use this masked information, in conjunction with information we received from other trusted third party partners (such as MaxMind) to determine a broad understanding of where you are located (e.g., New York). Outbrain will still recognise your IP address even if you opt out of personalised tracking as this is necessary to continue serving you context-based recommendations however, in such instances your IP address is not associated with your UUID and would not form part of any user profile.Other Usage Information
In addition to your UUID and IP address, we also collect the following information from you on (a) desktop and mobile web: (i) User Agent data: device type (e.g., iphone), browser type (e.g., chrome), operating system (e.g. iOS); (ii) the pages visited; (iii) the time of visit; and (iv) referring URLs and other information normally transmitted in HTTP requests. The above statistical information provides us with information about how many Users visited a specific page on our Partner Sites on which the Outbrain widget is installed, how long each User stayed on that page, the type of content on that page they clicked on and how they generally engaged with that page; and (b) on applications (i) application version (as it appears in App Store or Play Store); (ii) application ID or package name (as it appears in the App Store or Play Store); (iii) operating system ( e.g. IOS or Android); (iii) operating system version; and (iv) device model (e.g. iPhone X).This information is considered personal data if Outbrain associates it with a UUID.As Outbrain does not have a direct relationship with Users interacting with Partner Sites, Outbrain relies on its partners to determine the lawful basis upon which Outbrain can process personal data. Each partner site relies on either
(b) What cookies and other similar technologies we useOutbrain cookiesOutbrain pixelsThird party pixelsOutbrain CookiesPlease see the Cookie Table under “Users” for a detailed list of the First Party Cookies we use when you interact with Partner Sites where the Outbrain technology is implemented.Outbrain pixelsIn addition to Outbrain’s visible widget on Partner Sites, certain Outbrain advertisers may implement the Outbrain pixel on their websites. The Outbrain pixel determines whether the User reaching the page where the pixel is installed has an Outbrain UUID in order to provide reporting to advertisers in respect of their particular campaign. If there is a UUID associated with such end user, Outbrain allows advertisers to either retarget those UUIDs and/or provides advertisers with the total number of Users (on an aggregated and anonymised basis) that reached a particular page (for example, an advertiser does not know that UUID1234 converted but only that 1 conversion took place). Outbrain does not pass its advertisers any personal data (including your UUID) or collect any further personal data via the pixel. Outbrain does not combine information received from the Outbrain pixel information with a UUID’s profile (for example, Outbrain only tracks that 1 conversion has taken place and not the UUID123 has converted when it reaches the advertiser’s chosen page). We require advertisers to disclose the usage of the Outbrain pixel on their own websites.Outbrain may also allow certain trusted third party partners to collect data via cookies delivered through the Outbrain widget. In such cases, Outbrain does not pass these third parties the data which Outbrain collects on its Users but allows such third parties to directly collect data (including personal data) via the widget for fraud and/or security purposes or in order to provide measurement information to advertisers (such as the number of conversions and/or impressions). Any such collection shall be governed by such third parties privacy policy.Third party pixelsIf you click on a link to one of our recommendations, the advertiser sponsoring the recommendation may place cookies (or third party cookies of third parties acting on the advertiser’s behalf) on your device either through redirects prior to arriving on the destination page of the recommendations or upon reaching the destination page. Such cookies are dropped for the purposes of providing analytics to the advertiser with regards to the advertiser’s campaign (for example, to see how many users viewed the advertiser’s campaign). We require our advertisers to disclose the use of third party pixels and/or cookies to end users via their website. As these cookies and/or pixels are added at the sole discretion of our advertisers you will be subject to that advertiser’s privacy notice and/or privacy policy.
(c) How we may share informationOur PartnersOutbrain does not share and/or sell a User’s entire profiles with any third parties. However, we may share certain elements of a user profile (for example, UUID) with the following partners, including:Brand safety, analytics and fraud partners;Demand Side Platforms (DSP) and Supply Side Platforms (SSP);Ad Exchanges and/or Networks; andDemand Management Platforms.Please see here for a list of some of our trusted partners.
In addition, we may collect and/ or share some personal data with trusted partners by virtue of participating in the OpenRTB. Many of these partners are registered as IAB TCF Global Vendors and can be found here.
(d) Your rights
Outbrain opt out on desktop and mobile webOutbrain Opt Out on Desktop and Mobile Web.You may opt out of Outbrain’s personalized recommendations (or, if you have opted out and would like to opt back in) at any time by moving the toggle below. You may also opt out of personalized recommendations via Outbrain’s Interest Profile which is a website that provides a general visualization of the data Outbrain knows about you and may use to make its recommendations. Outbrain opt out on appsOutbrain opt out on appsIn order to opt-out of Outbrain’s recommendations on your mobile applications you can follow the steps below:iOS Devices: Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Limit Ad TrackingAndroid Devices: Google Settings App > Ads > Opt Out of Interest-based AdvertisingPlease note that an opt out via our Interest Profile and/or this Privacy Policy will not opt you out of personalised tracking on your applications. This opt out must be done via your device settings. Additional Opt-Out Options.Additional Opt-Out OptionsYou may also opt out of receiving personalized ads served by us or other advertising companies through industry powered tools such as the NAI or the various DAA-based pages (DAA,
http://www.aboutads.info/choices; DAAC, www.youradchoices.ca/choices , and/or EDAA www.youronlinechoices.eu). Visiting the NAI, DAA, DAAC, or EDAA consumer choice pages allows you to opt out of all some or all of the participating members’ services. Like Outbrain’s opt out, these opt outs do not mean you will no longer receive any advertising, the advertisements will just not be tailored to you. You will continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit the DAA, DAAC or EDAA consumer choice pages, your opt out may not be effective as our opt out is cookie based.IMPORTANT informationEven though you have opted out of Outbrain’s personalised recommendations:You will still see Outbrain recommendations. Opting out of Outbrain personalization tracking does not mean you will no longer receive recommendations from Outbrain. Instead, it means that Outbrain’s recommendations will not be personalized (i.e. they will be context based recommendations).Your opt out will be cookie based and device/browser specific. If you browse the web from several devices and/or browsers, you will need to opt out from each device and/or browser to ensure that we prevent personalization tracking on all of them. For the same reason, if you buy a new device, change browsers or delete (or clear) the opt out cookie, you will need to opt-out again. Opting out of personalization tracking is not the same as blocking cookies.You must not opt in to Outbrain for at least 21 days as the deletion of your profile is tied to your UUID. Your opt out from Outbrain’s personalized recommendations is effective immediately. However, if your browser permits local storage and you opt into Outbrain’s personalized recommendations (for example, by accepting a cookie banner) within 21 days of your opt out, it is possible your prior profile will be reconnected to your UUID. If you do not opt in within 21 days, your profile will be deleted and cannot be recovered.As with most opt out cookies, the Outbrain browser opt out relies upon a cookie. The opt-out cookie is intended to be persistent to honor the user’s preferences. However, the "Intelligent Tracking Prevention" feature in iOS11 may impact the persistence of cookies across websites post a 24 hour window. We suggest using another browser or considering blocking all 3rd party cookies from the browser so that you are "opted out" without needing to rely on any company's actual opt out methodology.Your local storage will not be cleared. Even though you have opted out of Outbrain’s personalised recommendations your local storage will not be automatically cleared and therefore you need to clear this at a browser level in addition to your opt out.Business Partners: You are a Business Partner when you register (or email with Outbrain) on behalf of the company you work for to use the Outbrain Amplify or Outbrain Engage Services. See more here.
(a) What information we collect and whyYou may provide certain personal data (such as email address) when you sign up for the Amplify or Engage services or otherwise communicate or interact with us. If you apply to become a Business Partner, we may request additional information from you via advertiser application forms, insertion orders and other forms. We automatically collect information about your username’s actions in the Outbrain dashboard. As an example, as an Amplify Business Partner if you change the cost-per-click for one your campaigns, Outbrain’s audit trail will have a record of all those actions.We collect and process the personal data above in order to perform our obligations under our agreement as a Business Partner (or prospective Business Partner) with you including to:respond to your questions and requests;to provide you with access to certain functions and features of our Amplify or Engage services (e.g., to provide and maintain your dashboard account);verify your identity; andcommunicate with you about your account, our products, and available promotions relevant to your use of the Amplify or Engage service.
(b) What cookies and other similar technologies we use Please see this Cookie Table under “Business Partners” for a detailed list of First and Third Party cookies (and their corresponding retention periods) we use with Business Partners.
(c) How we may share information with anyoneWe may disclose certain Business Partner information to vendors, contractors, or others who assist Outbrain in delivering the services (e.g., credit card processing). Also see the Sharing section of this Privacy Policy.
(d) Your rightsIf as a Business Partner you wish to verify, correct, update or request the deactivation of your information, you may go to the Outbrain dashboard in order to edit your profile preferences or contact us at
support@outbrain.com. If you are receiving Outbrain emails, you may “unsubscribe” using a link in the email. Note that unsubscribing shall not opt you out of notifications critical to providing the Amplify or Engage services (e.g., email invoices).(e) Lawful BasisOutbrain’s lawful basis for processing personal data of Business Partners is contractual.4. Security Measures, Transfers Outside the EEA, Sharing and Data Retention+ SecurityData Transfers outside the EU / EEASharingData RetentionSecurityOutbrain has a dedicated security team. We maintain tight controls over the personal data we collect, retaining it in firewalled and secured databases with strictly limited and controlled access rights, to ensure it is secure. Please see our security standards for more information.Business Partners have access to certain password-protected features of the Amplify or Engage service. Business Partners are responsible for keeping this password confidential and for ensuring the same for their employees and/or their agents. Please remember that, unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is never completely secure. A common Internet scam is known as "spoofing" or "phishing." This occurs when you receive an email from what appears to be a legitimate source requesting personal data from you. Please be aware that we will not send you any emails requesting you to verify credit card, bank information, or any other personal data. If you ever receive an email that appears to be from us requesting such information from you, do not respond to it, and do not click on any links appearing in the email. Instead, please forward the email to us at legal@outbrain.com, as we will investigate instances of possible Internet fraud.Data Transfers Outside the EU/EEAWhen we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA) we will ensure such transfers are in compliance with relevant data protection laws, including, if applicable, EU Standard Contractual Clauses, or a European Commission positive adequacy decision under Article 25(6) of Directive 95/46/EC or Article 45 of the GDPR. In other words, your rights and protections remain with your data and we used approved contractual clauses and other measures designed to ensure that the recipients of your personal data protect it. Outbrain has in place the Standard Contractual Clauses between Outbrain entities to govern the transfer of data outside of the EEA.SharingIn addition to the description of how we may disclose your personal data for each user type, we may also disclose personal data as follows:Within the family of companies controlled by Outbrain for internal reasons, primarily for business and operational purposes;If we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your personal data will likely be among the assets transferred;When legally required to do so (e.g., to cooperate with law enforcement investigations or other legal proceedings); and/orTo respond to a genuine emergency.In addition, we combine your personal data with those of other users in order to share trend information and aggregate user statistics with third parties, always in aggregated and anonymized form.Data RetentionThe retention period for each of the cookies Outbrain uses (whether our own or on our behalf by third parties) is stated in the Cookie Table. More specifically, the Outbrain cookie (Obuid),which is used for tracking user actions such as clicks, expires three (3) months after a user visited a particular site within our network however, this cookie will reset if a user returns to the same site or different site within our network. In addition, we do not retain any individual data point on a User for more than 13 months. For example, if UUID 123 read an article on December 31, 2018, on February 1, 2019 that article will no longer be part of UUID 123’s profile.Outbrain also maintains a Data Retention Policy that details the retention period for personal data based on our analysis of how long the specific data is reasonably required for legal or business purposes. When we no longer need personal data, we securely delete or destroy it. Aggregated data, which cannot identify a device/browser (or individual) and is used for purposes of reporting and analysis, is maintained for as long as commercially necessary.5. Children and Sensitive Data+ ChildrenNone of our services are intentionally directed at children under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under 16 years of age. If we determine upon collection that a Site Visitor, a User or a Business Partner is under 16, we will not use or maintain his/her personal data. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal data from a child under the age of 16, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records. If you’re a kid, please go play in the yard, don’t use or interact with Outbrain!Sensitive dataWe do not collect or receive any sensitive categories of personal data.6. European Territory Visitors+ In compliance with certain privacy laws, in particular the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Outbrain provides specific additional rights for individuals who interact with Outbrain such as the right to access, rectification, right to object, to complaint, erasure and blockage. More specifically and under certain circumstances:the right to request information about whether and which personal data is processed by us, and the right to demand that personal data is rectified or amended.the right to request that personal data should be deleted.the right to demand that the processing of personal data should be restricted.withdraw your consent to the processing and use of your data completely or partially at any time with future application.have the right to obtain your personal data in a common, structured and mechanically readable format.contact our data protection officer if there are any questions, comments, complaints or requests in connection with our statement on data protection and the processing of your personal data.the right to complain to the responsible supervisory authority if believed that the processing of your personal data is in violation of the legislation.In addition to the above, we reference certain rights for European Territory citizens throughout this Privacy Policy. Pursuant to the GDPR, citizens from "European Territories" mean the European Economic Area (EEA), the European Free Trade Area (EFTA) and Switzerland. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, the term "European Territories" shall continue to include the United Kingdom, even after the United Kingdom leaves the European Economic Area following Brexit. If you are in the UK, or the European Economic Areas, the controller of your data is Outbrain UK Limited.Please email Privacy@outbrain.com with any questions about exercising any of the above rights.7. California Privacy Rights+ This section applies only to California residents. It describes how we collect, use and share Personal Information of California residents in operating our business, and their rights with respect to that Personal Information. For purposes of this section, “
Personal Information” has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“ CCPA”) but does not include information exempted from the scope of the CCPA.
Your California privacy rights. As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However,
these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Information.
You can request the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months: The categories of Personal Information that we have collected.The categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information.The business or commercial purpose for collecting and/or selling Personal Information.The categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information.Whether we have disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third party recipient.Whether we’ve sold your Personal Information, and if so, the categories of Personal Information received by each category of third party recipient.Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
Deletion. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you. Opt-out of sales. If we sell your Personal Information, you can opt-out. In addition, if you direct us not to sell your Personal Information, we will consider it a request pursuant to California’s “Shine the Light” law to stop sharing your personal information covered by that law with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Opt-in. We contractually prohibit our publishing and advertising clients from placing our technology on pages that target individuals younger than 16 years old. If we learn that you are younger than 16 years old, we will asking for your permission (or if you are younger than 13 years old, your parent or guardian’s permission) to sell your Personal Information before we do so. Nondiscrimination.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. This means that we will not penalize you for exercising your rights by taking actions such as denying you services; increasing the price/rate of services; decreasing service quality; or suggesting that we may penalize you as described above for exercising your rights.
How to exercise your rightsYou may exercise your California privacy rights described above as follows: Right to information, access and deletion. You can request to exercise your information, access and deletion rights by: calling us toll free on 1-866-I-OPT-OUT and entering service code 253# to leave us a message.
emailing privacy@outbrain.com
using the web form to submit your request(s) to usRight to opt-out of the “sale” of your Personal Information. We do not sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). However, like many companies, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you. California law classifies our use of these services as a “sale” of your Personal Information to the companies that provide the services. This is because we allow them to collect information from our website users (e.g., online identifiers and browsing activity) so they can help serve ads more likely to interest you.]
To opt-out of this ” sale,” click on this
link which will take you to our Interest Profile where you can opt out of personalised recommendations.
We will need to confirm your identity and California residency to process your requests to exercise your information, access or deletion rights. We cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it. Personal information that we collect, use and shareThe chart below summarizes how we collect, use and share Personal Information by reference to the statutory categories specified in the CCPA, and describes our practices during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy. Categories in the chart refer to the categories described above in the general section of this Privacy Policy.
Outbrain User TypeStatutory category of personal information (PI) (click for details)
Source of the PIPurpose for collectionHow we may share, disclose or “sell” information.Site Visitors Identifiers
Online Identifiers
Geolocation Data
Inferences
Internet or Network Information
Site Visitor
See Section 2(a) (Site Visitors).See Section 2(c) (Site Visitors).UsersIdentifiersOnline IdentifiersGeolocation DataInferencesInternet or Network InformationUsersSee Section 2(a) (Users).See Section 2(c) (Users).Business PartnersIdentifiersFinancial InformationBusiness PartnersSee Section 2(a) (Business Partners).See Section 2(c) (Business Partners).8. “Do Not Track” Disclosure+ Some browsers transmit Do Not Track (DNT) signals to websites. Because there is no common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal, Outbrain does not currently alter, change, or respond to DNT requests or signals from these browsers. We will continue to monitor industry activity in this area and reassess our DNT practices as necessary. In the meantime, you can use the range of other tools we provide to control data collection and use, including the ability to opt out of receiving personalized recommendations in the Users section.9. How This Privacy Policy May Change+ We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will place a prominent notice that will be visible to you as a Site Visitor or Business Partner, but we do not have a means of advising Users of an update by way of notice. You should check back here periodically to see if the Privacy Policy has been updated as we will always show the date of the latest modification of the Privacy Policy at the top of the page so you can tell when it was last revised.
Effective April 28, 2021
Download
Datenschutzbestimmungen Outbrain ist dem Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten verpflichtet. Diese Datenschutzbestimmungen („Datenschutzbestimmungen“) gelten für die Verwendung der von uns erfassten Daten, einschließlich aller personenbezogenen Daten, durch Outbrain. Personenbezogene Daten sind Informationen, die sich auf Sie beziehen und Sie persönlich identifizieren können. Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten entsprechend den geltenden Gesetzen. Im Sinne der Compliance und der Übereinstimmung mit Outbrains Werten rund um Vertrauen und Transparenz verfügt Outbrain über ein Team von Datenschutz-Champions, die für die kontinuierliche Umsetzung unseres weltweit gültigen Maßnahmenkatalogs zum Datenschutz verantwortlich sind.
.
+ ALLE ERWEITERN – ALLES ZUKLAPPEN
1. Wer wir sind, Was wir tun, Wie Sie Outbrain kontaktieren können, unser Datenschutzbeauftragter oder die zuständigen Behörden
+
Wer wir sind: Diese Datenschutzbestimmungen gelten für Outbrain Inc., ein Unternehmen nach dem Recht von Delaware, USA, mit Hauptsitz in New York, und dessen verbundene Tochterunternehmen (zusammen bezeichnet als: „Outbrain“ oder „wir“, „uns“, „unser“). Wir haben Niederlassungen in mehreren Ländern weltweit und arbeiten mit Publishern und Vermarktern auf der ganzen Welt zusammen.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass Outbrains Tochterunternehmen Zemanta Inc über eigene Datenschutzbestimmungen verfügt; diese können Sie hier einsehen.
Was wir tun:
Outbrains Mission ist es, relevante Empfehlungen anhand Ihrer Interessen für Sie bereitzustellen. Zu diesem Zweck schließen wir Vereinbarungen mit:
Online-Publishern und Partnern, die ihren Lesern relevanten Content empfehlen wollen (dabei handelt es sich um Outbrain Engage); Werbetreibenden, die erreichen wollen, dass Leser ihren Content ansehen (hierbei handelt es sich um Outbrain Amplify); und externen Partnern, die uns bei der Bereitstellung relevanter Empfehlungen helfen.
Weitere Informationen zu unseren Amplify-Diensten (für Werbetreibende) finden Sie hier und zu unseren Engage-Diensten (für Publisher) hier.
Wie Sie Kontakt mit uns aufnehmen:
Unsere Compliance bezüglich dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen überprüfen wir regelmäßig. Wir freuen uns über Ihre Fragen, Anmerkungen und Anfragen zu diesen Datenschutzbestimmungen. Richten Sie diese bitte in erster Instanz an privacy@outbrain.com oder auf postalischem Weg an Outbrain Inc., 222 Broadway 19th Floor, New York, NY 10038, Attn: Privacy Questions.
Sollte Outbrain Ihre Fragen oder Anliegen nicht zu Ihrer Zufriedenheit beantworten, können Sie sich auch an folgende Ansprechpartner wenden, um Rat oder Unterstützung zu erhalten bzw. Beschwerden vorzubringen:
Outbrains externer Datenschutzbeauftragter („DSB“): ePrivacy GmbH, vertreten durch Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer. Sie erreichen die ePrivacy GmbH direkt über dpo@outbrain.com; und/oder den Information Commissioner’s Officer, die für Outbrain zuständige federführende Aufsichtsbehörde in den europäischen Gebieten.
2. Kooperationen und Einhaltung
+
Wir befolgen die im Rahmen der Selbstverpflichtung formulierten Grundsätze der Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) und der European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA); Wir sind vollberechtigte Mitglieder der Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), eines Verbands, der sich der verantwortungsvollen Erfassung von Daten und deren Verwendung in der Digitalwerbung verpflichtet hat. Wir befolgen die Verhaltensregeln der NAI für Web- und Mobilwerbung. Outbrain befolgt ebenfalls die im Rahmen der Selbstverpflichtung formulierten Grundsätze für die verhaltensgesteuerte Online-Werbung des Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) sowie die Rahmenbedingungen für die verhaltensgesteuerte Online-Werbung des IAB Europe; und Zudem sind wir zertifiziert nach den Standards der JICWEBS DTSG Brand Safety, weitere Informationen dazu finden Sie hier.
3.
Outbrain-Nutzertypen (inkl. Deaktivierungsoptionen)
+
Ein Großteil dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen ist in einzelne Abschnitte unterteilt, die sich daran orientieren, wie Sie mit Outbrain interagieren. Sie sind entweder ein Websitebesucher, ein Nutzer und/oder ein Geschäftspartner (siehe nachfolgende Definitionen). Bitte entscheiden Sie, welcher Nutzertyp Sie sind. Entsprechend den einzelnen Nutzertypen erläutern wir, welche Informationen wir erfassen und warum wir dies tun, welche Cookies und anderen vergleichbaren Technologien wir nutzen, wie wir diese Informationen weitergeben und über welche Rechte Sie verfügen.
Websitebesucher: Sie sind ein Websitebesucher, wenn Sie unsere Websites, Internetseiten, interaktiven Funktionen, Blogs und deren jeweiligen Content auf Outbrain.com (oder einer darauf basierenden Ableitung wie Outbrain.co.uk, Outbrain.fr, Outbrain.de usw.) („unsere Websites“) besuchen und mit diesen interagieren. Weitere Informationen finden Sie hier.
（a）Welche Informationen wir erfassen und warum wir dies tun Wir möchten wissen, welche Dienstleistungen auf unseren Websites Sie interessieren, und Sie an die von uns angebotenen Services erinnern, wenn Sie nicht auf unseren Websites sind. Zu diesem Zweck erfassen wird folgende Informationen von Ihrem Gerät: (i) IP-Adresse; (ii) User-Agent-Daten: Gerätetyp (z. B. iPhone), Browsertyp (z. B. Chrome), Betriebssystem (z. B. iOS); (iii) die auf unseren Websites besuchten Seiten (z. B. die Seite „Über Outbrain“); (iv) den Zeitpunkt des Besuchs (und die entsprechende Zeitzone); und (v) die verweisenden URLs und andere normalerweise bei HTTP-Anfragen übertragenen Informationen (z. B. Informationen, die uns mitteilen, wie Sie auf unsere Website gelangt sind).
Außerdem können wir Ihren Namen sowie Ihre E-Mail-Adresse erfassen, falls Sie uns diese Angaben über unsere Websites zukommen lassen (beispielsweise, indem Sie sich für unseren Newsletter registrieren).
（b）Cookies und andere vergleichbare Technologien, die wir nutzen In dieser Cookie-Tabelle, die von Zeit zu Zeit aktualisiert wird, finden Sie unter dem Abschnitt „Websitebesucher“ eine detaillierte Liste von Erst- und Drittanbietercookies (sowie ihrer jeweiligen Speicherfristen), die verwendet werden können, wenn Sie unsere Websites besuchen.
（c） So geben wir unter Umständen Informationen weiter
Weitergabe von Informationen, die wir auf unseren Websites von Ihnen erhalten
Wir verkaufen und/oder geben keine personenbezogenen Daten über Sie an Dritte für deren Marketing- oder Werbezwecke weiter. Wir nutzen jedoch unter Umständen die Dienste verschiedener Drittanbieter (jeweils in der Cookie-Tabelle aufgeführt) zur Unterstützung unserer Marketing- oder Werbetätigkeit Ihnen gegenüber. Wir verlangen, dass diese Dritten und externen Unternehmen einwilligen, sich an die gültigen Datenschutzgesetze zu halten, sämtliche an sie weitergegebenen Informationen vertraulich zu behandeln und nur zur Erfüllung ihrer Pflichten uns gegenüber zu verwenden. Dazu schließen wir Verträge mit allen Drittparteien, die personenbezogene Daten verarbeiten.
Wenn Sie einen Post auf unserem Blog hinterlassen, sind Ihr Kommentar und Ihre Informationen öffentlich zugänglich. Bitte wenden Sie sich an support@outbrain.com, um Ihren Kommentar zu entfernen.
Verwendung von Dienstleistungen Dritter auf unseren Websites.
Unsere Websites enthalten Links zu anderen Websites, die uns nicht gehören und die wir nicht betreiben. Wir kontrollieren, empfehlen oder billigen den Content, die Produkte, Dienstleistungen, Datenschutzbestimmungen oder -maßnahmen dieser Websites Dritter nicht. Auf unseren Websites sehen Sie beispielsweise anklickbare Symbole, über die Sie auf die Facebook-Seite von Outbrain oder die LinkedIn-Seite von Outbrain gelangen. Sofern Sie sich entscheiden, diese Links anzuklicken, sollten Sie sich dessen bewusst sein, dass diese Seiten nicht Outbrain gehören und nicht von Outbrain betrieben werden, weshalb diese Drittseiten unter Umständen ihre eigenen Cookies auf Ihr Gerät senden und unabhängig personenbezogene Daten erfassen. Aus diesem Grunde ist es wichtig, dass Sie sich mit den Datenschutzbestimmungen dieser Drittseiten vertraut machen.
Beachten Sie bitte auch den Abschnitt dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen über die Weitergabe von Daten.
(d) Ihre Rechte Unsere Nutzungsbedingungen regeln die Nutzung unserer Websites und sind für Sie gültig, wenn Sie mit unseren Websites interagieren. Sie können die Nutzung unserer Websites jederzeit beenden. In diesem Fall können Sie auch die Cookies entfernen, die wir auf jedem für den Zugriff auf unsere Websites verwendeten Gerät gesetzt haben; dies können Sie über Ihren Browser tun. Falls Sie während Ihrer Nutzung unserer Websites Ihre E-Mail-Adresse übermitteln, enthält jede E-Mail, die Sie von Outbrain erhalten, eine Option zum Abbestellen des E-Mail-Empfangs. Außerdem können Sie auch das Direktmarketing deaktivieren; wenden Sie sich hierzu per E-Mail an support@outbrain.com.
Für Besucher aus dem europäischen Gebiet hat Outbrain auf unseren Websites eine Plattform für das Zustimmungs-Management eingerichtet (betrieben durch One Trust), über die Sie die Möglichkeit haben, Ihre Zustimmung zu Cookies und vergleichbaren Nachverfolgungstechnologien abzugeben oder zu verweigern. Wenn Sie unsere Websites aufrufen, wird Ihnen ein Banner in der Mitte der Seite angezeigt, das Informationen zu den von uns verwendeten Cookies enthält. Sie können auf dem Banner sämtliche Cookies durch Klick ablehnen (z. B. Performance Cookies oder Targeting Cookies), die (gemäß Cookie-Tabelle) nicht unbedingt notwendig sind. Indem Sie auf „Accept Cookies“ klicken, willigen Sie in die Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlicher Nachverfolgungstechnologien ein. Outbrains Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten von Websitebesuchern aus dem europäischen Gebiet auf unseren Websites basiert auf der Zustimmung. Sie können Ihre Zustimmung jederzeit widerrufen Cookies Settings. Hinsichtlich sämtlicher Websitebesucher aus nicht-europäischen Gebieten stützen wir uns auf unser legitimes Interesse, sämtliche personenbezogenen Daten zu verarbeiten; dies schließt Websitebesucher aus nicht-europäischen Gebieten jedoch nicht davon aus, ihre Zustimmung jederzeit über unsere Plattform für das Zustimmungs-Management zu widerrufen.
Nutzer: Sie sind ein Nutzer, wenn Sie eine Seite einer Website oder Anwendung eines Partners von Outbrain besuchen, auf der das Outbrain-Widget installiert ist oder auf der unsere Empfehlungen platziert sind („Partner-Websites“). Falls Sie beispielsweise die Seiten https://news.sky.com/uk, www.spiegel.de oder www.cnn.com besuchen, wird das Outbrain-Widget in diese Websites eingebunden. Dass Sie mit einem Outbrain-Widget verbunden sind, erkennen Sie an dem Text, der auf Outbrain verweist (z. B. „Empfohlen von Outbrain“, „von Outbrain“ neben den Empfehlungen). Wenn Sie auf die Verlinkung zu Outbrain klicken, sehen Sie einen detaillierten Hinweis, über den Sie zum Interessenportal von Outbrain und zu diesen Datenschutzbestimmungen navigieren können, wo Sie personalisierte Empfehlungen deaktivieren können. In manchen Fällen nutzt ein Partner möglicherweise einen White-Label-Service von Outbrain für seine eigenen Angebote. In diesem Fall müssen diese Partner in ihren Datenschutzbestimmungen auf die Verwendung der Outbrain-Services hinweisen. Weitere Informationen finden Sie hier.
Beispiel eines Outbrain-Widgets.
(a) Welche Informationen wir erfassen und warum wir dies tun Wir verwenden UUIDs, IP-Adressen und andere Nutzungsdaten, damit wir Ihnen interessante Empfehlungen unterbreiten können. Outbrains Empfehlungen werden unter Umständen von einem Werbetreibenden bezahlt, der Sie auf eine neue Website leitet, oder es handelt sich um eigene Empfehlungen des Partners, sodass der Link auf eine andere Seite desselben Partners führt.
UUID.
Wenn Sie als Nutzer erstmalig eine Partner-Website (z. B. CNN.com) besuchen, setzt Outbrain zur Erzeugung einer eindeutigen Nutzerkennung (UUID) ein Cookie auf Ihrem Gerät. Alternativ erhält Outbrain bei Ihrer ersten Interaktion mit einem Partner, der diese Partner-Anwendung verwendet, Ihre Werber-ID, die Ihnen über Ihr Gerät zugewiesen ist. Wir katalogisieren und analysieren den Content, den Sie auf Partner-Websites konsumieren. Unsere Empfehlungen basieren auf: (i) dem Browserverlauf einer UUID; (ii) ähnlichen Surfmustern anderer Nutzer; (iii) Empfehlungen, die bei Outbrains Adressaten zur gegebenen Zeit beliebt sind; (iv) einem gewissen Maß an Zufälligkeit und (v) Zielanforderungen, die durch unsere Amplify-Kunden bereitgestellt oder verlangt werden. Beispielsweise weiß Outbrain, dass UUID 123 (wobei es sich um Sie handeln kann, während Sie mit Ihrem iPhone X und dem Chrome-Browser auf der Website „The Guardian“ surfen) gern Texte über ferne Reiseziele liest und dass Personen, die gern von fernen Reisezielen lesen, sich auch für Artikel über exotisches Essen interessieren. Wenn Sie mit Outbrain interagieren, sammeln wir keine personenbezogenen Daten im herkömmlichen Sinne, wie etwa E-Mail-Adresse oder Name; somit können wir Ihren Namen nicht mit Ihrer UUID in Verbindung bringen (beispielsweise wissen wir nicht, dass Max Mustermann, bei dem es sich ebenfalls um UUID 123 handelt, gerne über ferne Reiseziele liest).
Die UUID stellt eine Abfolge von Ziffern und/oder Buchstaben dar. Diese UUID ist an Ihr Gerät gebunden und variiert je nach Browser-Kombination. Mit anderen Worten: Outbrain erfasst verschiedene UUIDs abhängig davon, welches Gerät und/oder welchen Browser Sie für den Zugriff auf die Websites des Partners verwenden. Sie haben beispielsweise eine bestimmte UUID, wenn Sie eine Partner-Website von Ihrem Mobiltelefon aus mit dem Safari-Browser besuchen, jedoch eine andere UUID, wenn Sie eine Partner-Website von Ihrem iPad aus mit dem Safari-Browser besuchen. Outbrain kombiniert und konsolidiert eine UUID von einem Mobilgerät (Handgerät oder Tablet) von einem Browser, der dann von demselben Gerät auf eine Anwendung (oder umgekehrt) zugreift. Outbrain betreibt keine geräteübergreifende Nachverfolgung und kann daher einen Nutzer, der mit Outbrain über sein Mobiltelefon interagiert, nicht als denselben Nutzer identifizieren, der mit Outbrain über seinen PC interagiert.
IP-Adresse
Zusätzlich zu Ihrer UUID erkennen wir auch Ihre IP-Adresse, die uns Auskunft über Ihren Standort gibt; um diese Identifizierung zu verbergen, löschen wir das letzte Oktett. Diese verdeckte Information verwenden wir dann, um, zusammen mit Informationen, die wir von anderen vertrauenswürdigen Drittpartnern (wie z. B. MaxMind) erhalten haben, herauszufinden, an welchem Standort Sie sich befinden (z. B. New York). Outbrain wird, selbst wenn Sie die personalisierte Nachverfolgung deaktivieren, immer noch Ihre IP-Adresse erfassen, da dies notwendig ist, um Ihnen kontextbasierte Empfehlungen anzuzeigen. In diesem Fall wird Ihre IP-Adresse jedoch nicht mit Ihrer UUID in Verbindung gebracht und würde nicht Teil Ihres Nutzerprofils darstellen.
Weitere Nutzungsdaten
Zusätzlich zu Ihrer UUID und IP-Adresse erfassen wir auch die folgenden Informationen von Ihnen:
(a) im Web über PC oder Mobilgerät: (i) User-Agent-Daten: Gerätetyp (z. B. iPhone), Browsertyp (z. B. Chrome), Betriebssystem (z. B. iOS); (ii) die besuchten Seiten; (iii) den Zeitpunkt des Besuchs; und (iv) die verweisenden URLs und andere normalerweise bei HTTP-Anfragen übertragene Informationen. Die oben genannten statistischen Informationen geben uns Auskunft darüber, wie viele Nutzer eine bestimmte Seite auf unseren Partner-Websites, auf denen ein Outbrain-Widget installiert ist, besuchten, wie lange jeder Nutzer auf dieser Seite verweilte, welche Art Content sie auf dieser Seite anklickten und wie sie im Allgemeinen mit dieser Seite interagierten; und (b) in Anwendungen:
(i) die Version der Anwendung (wie sie im App Store oder Play Store erscheint); (ii) die Anwendungs-ID oder den Paketnamen (wie er im App Store oder Play Store erscheint); (iii) das Betriebssystem (z. B. iOS oder Android); (iv) die Version des Betriebssystems; und (v) das Gerätemodell (z. B. iPhone X). Bei diesen Informationen handelt es sich um personenbezogene Daten, wenn Outbrain sie mit einer UUID verbindet.
Da Outbrain keine direkte Verbindung zu den Nutzern hat, die mit Partner-Websites interagieren, verlässt sich Outbrain darauf, dass seine Partner die rechtliche Grundlage schaffen, auf der Outbrain die personenbezogenen Daten verarbeiten kann. Jede Partnerseite greift dabei zurück auf
(b) Cookies und andere vergleichbare Technologien, die wir nutzen
Outbrain-Cookies Outbrain-Pixel Drittpartei-Pixel Outbrain-CookiesPlease see the Die Cookie-Tabelle enthält unter „Nutzer“ eine detaillierte Liste der Erstanbieter-Cookies, die wir bei Ihrer Interaktion mit Partner-Websites, auf denen die Outbrain-Technologie implementiert ist, verwenden.
Outbrain-PixelZusätzlich zu Outbrains sichtbarem Widget auf Partner-Websites implementieren bestimmte Outbrain-Werbetreibende gegebenenfalls das Outbrain-Pixel auf ihren Websites. Das Outbrain-Pixel ermittelt, ob der Nutzer, der auf die Seite mit dem installierten Pixel gelangt, über eine Outbrain-UUID verfügt, um den Werbetreibenden Auskunft hinsichtlich ihrer jeweiligen Kampagne zu geben. Falls es eine mit diesem Endnutzer verbundene UUID gibt, kann Outbrain den Werbetreibenden entweder erlauben, diese UUIDs erneut anzusprechen, und/oder den Werbetreibenden die Gesamtzahl der Nutzer (gesammelt und anonymisiert), die eine bestimmte Seite erreicht haben, übermitteln (beispielsweise weiß ein Werbetreibender nicht, dass es bei UUID 1234 zu einer Conversion kam, sondern nur, dass eine stattgefunden hat). Outbrain gibt keine personenbezogenen Daten (inkl. Ihrer UUID) an Werbetreibende weiter und sammelt keine weiteren personenbezogenen Daten über das Pixel. Outbrain kombiniert keine Informationen, die es über das Outbrain-Pixel erhalten hat, mit einem UUID-Profil (beispielsweise wird Outbrain nur nachverfolgen, dass eine Conversion stattgefunden hat, und nicht, dass eine Conversion bei UUID 123 erfolgte, als sie auf die jeweilige Seite des Werbetreibenden gelangte). Wir verlangen von Werbetreibenden, die Verwendung des Outbrain-Pixels auf ihren eigenen Websites offenzulegen.Outbrain kann auch bestimmten vertrauenswürdigen Drittparteien erlauben, Daten über Cookies, die über das Outbrain-Widget gesendet wurden, zu sammeln. In diesen Fällen gibt Outbrain diesen Drittparteien nicht die Daten weiter, die Outbrain über seine Nutzer sammelt, sondern gestattet diesen Drittparteien die direkte Datensammlung (inkl. personenbezogener Daten) über das Widget zu Betrugsverhinderungs- und/oder Sicherheitszwecken oder um Werbetreibenden Messwerte (wie die Anzahl an Conversions und/oder Impressionen) zur Verfügung zu stellen. Jegliche Datenerfassung dieser Art unterliegt den Datenschutzbestimmungen dieser Drittparteien. Drittpartei-PixelWenn Sie auf einen Link zu einer unserer Empfehlungen klicken, setzt der Werbetreibende, der die Empfehlung finanziert, unter Umständen entweder durch Weiterleitungen vor der Ankunft auf der Zielseite der Empfehlungen oder bei Erreichen der Zielseite Cookies (oder Drittanbietercookies von Drittparteien, die im Auftrag des Werbetreibenden handeln) auf Ihrem Gerät. Solche Cookies werden gesetzt, um dem Werbetreibenden Analysewerte in Bezug auf seine Werbekampagne zur Verfügung zu stellen (z. B. Informationen, wie viele Nutzer die Werbekampagne gesehen haben). Wir verlangen von unseren Werbetreibenden, die Verwendung von Drittparteipixel und/oder -cookies über ihre Website für den Endnutzer offenzulegen. Da diese Cookies und/oder Pixel nach alleinigem Ermessen unserer Werbetreibenden gesetzt werden, gelten für Sie die Datenschutzhinweise und/oder Datenschutzbestimmungen dieses Werbetreibenden.
(c) So geben wir unter Umständen Informationen weiter
Unsere Partner
Outbrain leitet und/oder verkauft keine vollständigen Nutzerprofile an Dritte weiter. Wir teilen jedoch unter Umständen bestimmte Elemente eines Nutzerprofils (z. B. die UUID) unter anderen mit den folgenden Partnern:
Partner, mit denen wir hinsichtlich Markensicherheit, Analytics und Betrugsbekämpfung zusammenarbeiten; Demand-Side-Plattformen (DSP) und Supply-Side-Plattformen (SSP);
Ad Exchanges und/oder Ad Networks; und Demand-Management-Plattformen.
Hier finden Sie eine Liste mit einigen unserer vertrauenswürdigen Partner.
Zudem sammeln und/oder teilen wir möglicherweise manche Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten mit vertrauenswürdigen Partnern aufgrund der Verwendung von OpenRTB. Viele dieser Partner sind als IAB TCF Global Vendors registriert und hier zu finden.
(d) Ihre Rechte
Outbrain-Deaktivierung im Web auf Ihrem PC und Mobilgerät
Outbrain-Deaktivierung im Web auf Ihrem PC und Mobilgerät. Sie können Outbrains personalisierte Empfehlungen jederzeit deaktivieren (oder, falls Sie sie deaktiviert haben und sie wieder aktivieren möchten), indem Sie den nachstehenden Switch-Button betätigen. Sie können personalisierte Empfehlungen auch über Outbrains Interessenprofil deaktivieren. Hierbei handelt es sich um eine Website, auf der Sie eine allgemeine Darstellung der Daten finden, die Outbrain von Ihnen hat und möglicherweise verwendet, um Empfehlungen zu generieren.
Outbrain-Deaktivierung in Apps
Outbrain-Deaktivierung in Apps. Um Outbrains Empfehlungen auf Ihren mobilen Anwendungen zu deaktivieren, können Sie folgendermaßen vorgehen:
iOS-Geräte: Einstellungen > Datenschutz > Werbung > Kein Ad-Tracking Android-Geräte: Google Einstellungen > Werbung > Personalisierte Werbung deaktivieren
Bitte beachten Sie, dass eine Deaktivierung über unser Interessenprofil und/oder diese Datenschutzbestimmungen nicht eine Deaktivierung der personalisierten Nachverfolgung in Ihren Anwendungen zur Folge hat. Diese Deaktivierung muss über Ihre Geräteeinstellungen erfolgen.
Zusätzliche Deaktivierungsoptionen..
Sie können auch den Erhalt personalisierter Werbung durch uns oder andere Werbeunternehmen über branchenbetriebene Tools deaktivieren, beispielsweise NAI oder die verschiedenen DAA-basierten Seiten (DAA, http://www.aboutads.info/choices; DAAC, www.youradchoices.ca/choices, und/oder EDAA www.youronlinechoices.eu). Durch den Besuch der Seiten für Verbraucherwahlmöglichkeiten NAI, DAA, DAAC oder EDAA können Sie einige oder alle Leistungen der teilnehmenden Mitglieder deaktivieren. Wie auch die Deaktivierung von Outbrain bedeuten diese Deaktivierungen nicht, dass Sie gar keine Werbung mehr erhalten, sondern lediglich, dass die Werbung nicht mehr auf Sie zugeschnitten ist. Sie erhalten weiterhin Werbung, beispielsweise auf Grundlage der jeweiligen Website, die Sie betrachten (d. h. kontextbasierte Werbung). Falls durch die Einstellungen Ihrer Browser zudem Cookies abgewiesen werden, wenn Sie die Verbraucherseiten DAA, DAAC oder EDAA besuchen, ist Ihre Deaktivierung unter Umständen nicht wirksam, da unsere Deaktivierung Cookie-basiert erfolgt. WICHTIGE Hinweise Obwohl Sie Outbrains personalisierte Empfehlungen deaktiviert haben:
Sie sehen weiterhin Outbrains Empfehlungen.Die Deaktivierung von Outbrains Personalisierungsverfolgung bedeutet nicht, dass Sie keine weiteren Empfehlungen von Outbrain erhalten. Stattdessen bedeutet es, dass Outbrains Empfehlungen nicht mehr personalisiert sind (d. h. es handelt sich um kontextbasierte Empfehlungen). Ihre Deaktivierung basiert auf Cookies und ist spezifisch für das Gerät/den Browser. Sofern Sie im Web von verschiedenen Geräten und/oder Browsern aus surfen, müssen Sie eine Deaktivierung von jedem Gerät und/oder Browser aus vornehmen, damit dafür gesorgt ist, dass wir auf allen die Personalisierungsverfolgung verhindern. Aus demselben Grund müssen Sie, wenn Sie ein neues Gerät kaufen, den Browser wechseln oder das Deaktivierungs-Cookie löschen, eine erneute Deaktivierung vornehmen. Die Deaktivierung der Personalisierungsverfolgung ist nicht dasselbe wie die Blockierung von Cookies. Sie dürfen Outbrain mindestens 21 Tage lang nicht aktivieren, da die Löschung Ihres Profils an Ihre UUID geknüpft ist.Ihre Deaktivierung der personalisierten Empfehlungen durch Outbrain ist sofort wirksam. Falls Ihr Browser jedoch die lokale Speicherung zulässt und Sie innerhalb von 21 Tagen nach Ihrer Deaktivierung Outbrains personalisierte Empfehlungen aktivieren (z. B. durch die Zulassung eines Cookie-Banners), wird Ihr vorheriges Profil möglicherweise wieder mit Ihrer UUID verbunden. Sofern Sie nicht innerhalb von 21 Tagen eine neue Aktivierung vornehmen, wird Ihr Profil gelöscht und kann nicht wiederhergestellt werden. So wie bei den meisten Deaktivierungscookies basiert die Deaktivierung von Outbrain über Browser auf einem Cookie. Beim Deaktivierungscookie handelt es sich um ein persistentes Cookie, um den Präferenzen der Nutzer nachzukommen. Die Funktion „Intelligent Tracking Prevention“ in iOS11 könnte Auswirkungen auf das Fortbestehen der Cookies auf Websites nach einem Zeitraum von 24 Stunden haben. Wir schlagen vor, dass Sie einen anderen Browser verwenden oder in Betracht ziehen, alle Drittanbietercookies auf Ihrem Browser zu blockieren, sodass diese deaktiviert sind, ohne dass Sie sich auf die jeweiligen Deaktivierungsmethoden eines Unternehmens verlassen müssen.Ihr lokaler Speicher wird nicht gelöscht. Obwohl Sie Outbrains personalisierte Empfehlungen deaktiviert haben, wird Ihr lokaler Speicher nicht automatisch gelöscht, weshalb Sie diesen zusätzlich zu Ihrer Deaktivierung über Ihren Browser löschen müssen.
Geschäftspartner: Sie sind ein Geschäftspartner, wenn Sie sich im Namen des Unternehmens, für das Sie arbeiten, registrieren (oder Outbrain per E-Mail kontaktieren), um die Dienstleistungen Outbrain Amplify oder Outbrain Engage zu nutzen. Weitere Informationen finden Sie hier.
(a) Welche Informationen wir erfassen und warum wir dies tun Womöglich übermitteln Sie bestimmte personenbezogene Daten (wie Ihren Namen und/oder Ihre E-Mail-Adresse), wenn Sie sich für die Amplify- oder Engage-Dienstleistungen registrieren oder anderweitig mit uns kommunizieren oder interagieren. Wenn Sie sich bei uns als Geschäftspartner bewerben, benötigen wir gegebenenfalls weitere Daten von Ihnen über Anmeldebögen für Werbetreibende, Werbeaufträge und andere Formulare. Zusätzlich erfassen wir automatisch Informationen über die Aktivitäten Ihres Nutzernamens im Outbrain-Dashboard. Wenn Sie beispielsweise als Amplify-Geschäftspartner die Kosten pro Klick für eine Ihrer Kampagnen ändern, findet sich im Audit Trail von Outbrain eine Aufzeichnung all dieser Maßnahmen.
Wir erfassen und verarbeiten die oben genannten personenbezogenen Daten, um unsere Verpflichtungen aus unserem Vertrag mit Ihnen als Geschäftspartner (oder zukünftiger Geschäftspartner) zu erfüllen, unter anderem:
Beantwortung Ihrer Fragen und Anforderungen; Gewährung Ihres Zugriffs auf bestimmte Funktionen und Eigenschaften der Amplify- und Engage-Dienstleistungen (z. B. Bereitstellung und Pflege Ihres Dashboard-Kontos); Verifizierung Ihrer Identität; und Kommunikation mit Ihnen über Ihr Konto, unsere Produkte und die für Ihre Nutzung der Amplify- oder Engage-Dienstleistung relevanten Werbeaktionen.
(b) Cookies und andere vergleichbare Technologien, die wir nutzen
In der Cookie-Tabelle unter „Geschäftspartner“ erhalten Sie eine detaillierte Liste der Erst- und Drittanbietercookies (und ihrer jeweiligen Speicherfristen), die wir für Geschäftspartner verwenden.
(c) So geben wir unter Umständen Informationen weiter Wir legen bestimmte Informationen über Geschäftspartner gegenüber Anbietern, Auftragnehmern oder anderen offen, die Outbrain bei der Erbringung der Dienstleistungen unterstützen (z. B. Kreditkartenabwicklung). Beachten Sie bitte auch den Abschnitt dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen über die Weitergabe von Daten.
(d) Ihre Rechte Sofern Sie als Geschäftspartner Ihre Daten verifizieren, berichtigen, aktualisieren oder deren Deaktivierung veranlassen möchten, können Sie Ihre Profileinstellungen im Outbrain-Dashboard editieren oder uns unter support@outbrain.com kontaktieren. Falls Sie von Outbrain E-Mails erhalten, können Sie den Empfang über einen Link in der E-Mail abbestellen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie durch das Abbestellen nicht den Erhalt von Benachrichtigungen deaktivieren, die für die Erbringung der Amplify- oder Engage-Dienstleistungen unerlässlich sind (z. B. E-Mail-Rechnungen). (e) Rechtsgrundlage Outbrains Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten von Geschäftspartnern ist vertraglich festgelegt.
4. Sicherheitsmaßnahmen, Übertragung außerhalb des EWR, Weitergabe und Datenspeicherung
+
Sicherheit Datenübertragungen außerhalb der EU/des EWR Weitergabe von Daten Datenspeicherung
Sicherheit Outbrain verfügt über ein spezielles Sicherheitsteam. Wir führen eine strenge Kontrolle der durch uns erfassten personenbezogenen Daten durch und speichern diese in durch Firewalls geschützten und sicheren Datenbanken mit streng begrenzten und kontrollierten Zugriffsrechten, damit deren Sicherheit gewährleistet ist. Weitere Informationen können Sie unseren Sicherheitsstandards entnehmen. Geschäftspartner haben Zugriff auf bestimmte passwortgeschützte Funktionen der Dienstleistungen Amplify oder Engage. Die Geschäftspartner tragen dafür Verantwortung, dieses Passwort vertraulich zu behandeln und dafür zu sorgen, dass es auch von ihren Mitarbeitern und/oder Vertretern vertraulich behandelt wird. Bitte denken Sie daran, dass die Informationsübertragung über das Internet leider niemals vollständig sicher ist. Ein häufig vorkommender Internetbetrug wird als „Spoofing“ oder „Phishing“ bezeichnet. Dabei erhalten Sie eine E-Mail, die von einer vertrauenswürdigen Quelle zu stammen scheint und in der Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erfragt werden. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir Ihnen keine E-Mails senden, in denen wir Sie um die Überprüfung Ihrer Kreditkarten- oder Bankdaten oder anderer personenbezogener Daten bitten. Sollten Sie jemals eine E-Mail erhalten, die den Anschein erweckt, von uns zu sein, und in der derartige Daten von Ihnen angefordert werden, antworten Sie nicht darauf und klicken Sie auch auf keine Links in dieser E-Mail. Leiten Sie stattdessen diese E-Mail an uns unter legal@outbrain.com, weiter, da wir Fälle möglichen Internetbetrugs untersuchen.
Datenübertragungen außerhalb der EU/des EWRWenn wir Daten aus dem Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (EWR) übertragen, stellen wir sicher, dass diese Übertragungen mit den geltenden Datenschutzgesetzen übereinstimmen. Darunter fallen, falls anwendbar, die Standardvertragsklauseln der Europäischen Kommission oder eine positive Angemessenheitsfeststellung der Europäischen Kommission gemäß Artikel 25 Absatz 6 der Richtlinie 95/46/EG oder Artikel 45 der DSGVO. Dies bedeutet, dass Ihre Rechte und der Schutz Ihrer Daten an Ihre Daten geknüpft sind und wir anerkannte Vertragsklauseln und weitere Maßnahmen verwenden, durch die für den Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch die Empfänger gesorgt ist. Bei Outbrain gelten zwischen den Outbrain-Einheiten die Standardvertragsklauseln für den Datentransfer außerhalb des EWR.
Weitergabe von DatenZusätzlich zu der beschriebenen Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten der einzelnen Nutzerarten legen wir personenbezogene Daten unter Umständen wie folgt offen:Innerhalb der durch Outbrain kontrollierten Unternehmensgruppe aus internen Gründen, vorrangig für geschäftliche und betriebliche Zwecke; Bei einem Geschäftsübergang, wie einer Fusion, dem Erwerb durch ein anderes Unternehmen oder dem teilweisen oder vollständigen Verkauf unserer Vermögenswerte, gehören Ihre personenbezogenen Daten wahrscheinlich zu den übertragenen Vermögenswerten; Bei entsprechenden rechtlichen Anforderungen (z. B. zur Unterstützung strafrechtlicher Ermittlungen oder anderer Rechtsverfahren); und/oder To respond to a genuine emergency. Als Reaktion auf einen echten Notfall.
DatenspeicherungDie Speicherfrist für jedes durch Outbrain verwendete Cookie (egal ob unser eigenes oder für uns durch Dritte) ist in Cookie-Tabellegenannt. Insbesondere das Outbrain-Cookie (Obuid), das für die Nachverfolgung von Nutzeraktivitäten wie Klicks verwendet wird, erlischt drei (3) Monate, nachdem ein Nutzer eine bestimmte Seite innerhalb unseres Netzwerks besucht hat. Das Cookie wird jedoch wieder aktiviert, wenn ein Nutzer zur selben Seite oder einer anderen Seite innerhalb unseres Netzwerks zurückkehrt. Zudem speichern wir keine individuellen Datenpunkte über einen Nutzer für mehr als 13 Monate. Falls beispielsweise UUID 123 am 31. Dezember 2018 einen Artikel gelesen hat, ist dieser Artikel am 1. Februar 2019 nicht mehr Teil des Profils von UUID 123. Outbrain verfügt zudem über eine Richtlinie zur Datenspeicherung, in der die Speicherfrist für personenbezogene Daten aufgeführt ist, die auf unserer Analyse basiert, welche Speicherfrist für bestimmte Daten aus rechtlichen oder geschäftlichen Gründen angemessen ist. Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten nicht mehr benötigen, löschen oder vernichten wir diese auf sichere Weise. Zusammengefasste Daten, durch die kein Gerät/Browser (oder keine Person) identifiziert werden kann und die für die Berichterstattung und Analyse benötigt werden, behalten wir so lange, wie dies wirtschaftlich nötig ist.
5. Kinder und sensible Daten
+
Kinder Keine unserer Dienstleistungen richtet sich beabsichtigt an Kinder unter 16 Jahren. Wir erfassen wissentlich keine personenbezogenen Daten von Personen unter 16 Jahren. Stellen wir bei der Datenerfassung fest, dass ein Websitebesucher, ein Nutzer oder ein Geschäftspartner unter 16 ist, verwenden oder behalten wir seine/ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht. Wenn wir davon Kenntnis erlangen, dass wir unwissentlich personenbezogene Daten von einem Kind im Alter von unter 16 erfasst haben, ergreifen wir angemessene Anstrengungen zur Löschung dieser Daten aus unseren Verzeichnissen. Wenn du ein Kind bist, nutze Outbrain nicht, verlasse diese Seite und geh lieber spielen!
Sensible DatenWir sammeln und erfassen keine sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten.
6. Besucher des europäischen Gebiets
+
In Übereinstimmung mit bestimmten Datenschutzgesetzen, insbesondere der europäischen Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO), gewährt Outbrain Personen, die mit Outbrain interagieren, bestimmte zusätzliche Rechte wie das Recht auf Zugriff, Berichtigung, Einspruch, Beschwerde, Löschung und Blockierung. Insbesondere und unter bestimmten Umständen:
das Recht auf Auskunft darüber, ob und welche personenbezogenen Daten von uns verarbeitet werden, sowie das Recht, die Berichtigung oder Änderung personenbezogener Daten zu verlangen. das Recht, die Löschung personenbezogener Daten zu verlangen. das Recht, die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten zu verlangen. den jederzeitigen vollständigen oder teilweisen Widerruf Ihrer Zustimmung zur Verarbeitung und Nutzung Ihrer Daten mit zukünftiger Gültigkeit. das Recht auf Erhalt Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten in einem üblichen, strukturierten und mechanisch lesbaren Format. Kontaktaufnahme mit unserem Datenschutzbeauftragten bei Fragen, Anmerkungen, Beschwerden oder Anfragen im Zusammenhang mit unserer Datenschutzerklärung und der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten. das Recht auf Beschwerde bei der zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde, falls Sie der Auffassung sind, dass die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten gesetzeswidrig ist.
Neben dem oben Genannten weisen wir in diesen Datenschutzbestimmungen auf bestimmte Rechte für Bürger des europäischen Gebiets hin. Laut der DSGVO bezeichnet die Formulierung „Bürger aus europäischen Gebieten“ den Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (EWR), die Europäische Freihandelsassoziation (EFTA) und die Schweiz. Im Sinne dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen umfasst der Begriff „europäische Gebiete“ weiterhin das Vereinigte Königreich, auch nachdem dieses den Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum im Anschluss an den Brexit verlässt.
Gerne können Sie uns eine E-Mail an Privacy@outbrain.com schicken, falls Sie Fragen zur Geltendmachung Ihrer oben genannten Rechte haben.
7. „Do Not Track“-Angabe
+
Einige Browser senden an Websites „Do Not Track (DNT)“-Signale, mit denen der Website mitgeteilt wird, dass die Aktivitäten des Nutzers nicht verfolgt werden sollen. Es besteht jedoch kein allgemeingültiges Verständnis darüber, wie DNT-Signale zu interpretieren sind, und daher findet durch Outbrain derzeit keine Modifizierung, Änderung oder Reaktion auf die DNT-Anforderungen oder -Signale von diesen Browsern statt. Wir beobachten weiterhin die Branchenaktivitäten in diesem Bereich und bewerten unsere DNT-Verfahren bei Bedarf neu. Zwischenzeitlich können Sie eine Reihe anderer durch uns bereitgestellter Tools zur Kontrolle der Datenerfassung und -nutzung einsetzen, unter anderem die Möglichkeit, im Nutzerbereich den Erhalt personalisierter Empfehlungen zu deaktivieren.
8. Mögliche Änderungen dieser Datenschutzbestimmungen
+
Wir ändern diese Datenschutzbestimmungen zu gegebener Zeit. Darüber informieren wir durch einen deutlichen Hinweis, der für Sie als Websitebesucher oder Geschäftspartner erkennbar ist. Wir haben jedoch keine Möglichkeit, Nutzern gegenüber eine Aktualisierung durch eine Mitteilung anzukündigen. Sie sollten sich regelmäßig diese Datenschutzbestimmungen ansehen, um zu erfahren, ob es ein Update gab, da wir stets das Datum der letzten Änderung der Datenschutzbestimmungen oben auf der Seite anzeigen, damit Sie wissen, wann diese zuletzt überarbeitet wurden.
Effective April 28, 2021
Download
Política de privacidad Outbrain se compromete a proteger sus datos personales. Esta Política de privacidad («Política de privacidad») rige el uso por parte de Outbrain de nuestros datos recopilados, incluyendo todos y cada uno de los datos personales. Los datos personales son información que se relaciona con usted y que puede identificarle como individuo. Utilizamos sus datos personales de conformidad con todas las leyes aplicables. Para garantizar el cumplimiento y estar en sintonía con los valores de Outbrain en materia de confianza y transparencia, contamos con un equipo de defensores de la privacidad responsables de la implementación continua de nuestro programa de privacidad global.
+ EXPANDIR TODO – CERRAR TODO
1. Quiénes somos, qué hacemos, cómo puede ponerse en contacto con Outbrain, con nuestro RPD o con las autoridades competentes
+
Quiénes somos: Esta política de privacidad se aplica a Outbrain Inc., una sociedad de Delaware (EE.UU.) con sede en Nueva York y sus filiales (colectivamente, «Outbrain», o «nosotros», «nos», «nuestro»). Operamos desde diversas oficinas alrededor del mundo y colaboramos con editores y vendedores de todo el mundo.
Tenga en cuenta que nuestra filial Zemanta Inc. cuenta con su propia política de privacidad que está disponible aquí.
Qué hacemos: La misión de Outbrain es facilitarle recomendaciones interesantes acorde con sus intereses. Para lograr nuestra misión firmamos acuerdos con:
editores y socios en línea que desean recomendar contenido relevante a sus lectores (Outbrain Engage); anunciantes que quieren que los lectores vean su contenido (Outbrain Amplify), y socios externos que nos ayudan a hacerle llegar recomendaciones relevantes.
Si desea obtener más información sobre nuestro servicios de Amplify (anunciante) haga clic aquí, y para nuestros servicios de Engage (editores), aquí.
Cómo ponerse en contacto con nosotros: Revisamos regularmente nuestro cumplimiento de la presente Política de privacidad. Las preguntas, comentarios y solicitudes relacionadas con esta Política de privacidad son bienvenidas y deben dirigirse en primer lugar a privacy@outbrain.com o por correo postal a Outbrain Inc. 222 Broadway 19th Floor, New York, NY 10038, Attn: Privacy Questions.
Si Outbrain no responde satisfactoriamente a sus preguntas o inquietudes, también puede ponerse en contacto con las siguientes personas para obtener asesoramiento, apoyo o realizar reclamaciones:
El Responsable de Protección de Datos externo de Outbrain («RPD»): ePrivacy GmbH, representada por D. Christoph Bauer. Se puede contactar con ePrivacy GmbH directamente en dpo@outbrain.com, o en el Information Commissioner’s Officer, que es el principal servicio de supervisión de Outbrain en Europa.
2. Adhesión y alianza
+
●Nos adherimos a los principios de autorregulación establecidos por la Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) y la European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). ●Somos miembros activos de la Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), una asociación dedicada a la recopilación responsable de datos y su uso para la publicidad digital. Nos adherimos asimismo al Código de conducta de NAI para sitios web y móviles. Outbrain también se adhiere a los Principios de autorregulación de la Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) para la Publicidad conductual en línea y al Marco OBA de IAB de Europa, y ●También estamos certificados por JICWEBS DTSG Brand Safety Certified aquí.
3.
Tipos de usuarios de Outbrain (incluyendo las opciones adicionales de inhabilitación)
+
Gran parte de esta Política de privacidad está dividida en apartados en función de la manera en que usted puede interactuar con Outbrain. Usted es un Visitante del sitio, un Usuario o un Socio comercial (como se define a continuación). Por favor, determine qué tipo de usuario es. Para cada tipo de usuario hemos explicado qué información recopilamos y por qué, qué cookies y otras tecnologías similares utilizamos, cómo compartimos dicha información y sus derechos.
Visitantes del sitio Usted es un Visitante del Sitio cuando visita e interactúa con nuestros sitios web, páginas web, funciones interactivas, blogs y sus respectivos contenidos en Outbrain.com (o cualquier derivación, como Outbrain.co.uk, Outbrain.fr, Outbrain.de, etc.) («Nuestros sitios»). Ver más aquí.
（a）Qué información recopilamos y por qué Queremos entender qué servicios le interesan de Nuestros Sitios y queremos recordarle los servicios que ofrecemos cuando no esté visitando Nuestros Sitios. Para ello, recopilamos la siguiente información desde su dispositivo: (I) dirección IP, (ii) datos del Agente usuario: tipo de dispositivo (por ejemplo, iPhone), tipo de navegador (por ejemplo, Chrome), sistema operativo (por ejemplo, iOS), (iii) las páginas visitadas en Nuestro Sitio (por ejemplo, la página «Acerca de» de Outbrain), (iv) la hora de la visita (y la zona horaria correspondiente) y (v) las URL de referencia y otra información que normalmente se transmite en las solicitudes HTTP (por ejemplo, información diciéndonos cómo llegó a Nuestros Sitios).
Además, también podemos recopilar información como su nombre y dirección de correo electrónico si acepta enviarnos detalles mediante Nuestros Sitios (por ejemplo, aceptando recibir nuestro boletín informativo).
（b）Qué cookies y otras tecnologías similares utilizamos Consulte en esta Tabla de cookies, actualizada regularmente, bajo el apartado «Visitantes del sitio» para obtener un listado detallado de las cookies de origen y de terceros (así como sus correspondientes periodos de retención) que podrían utilizarse cuando usted visita nuestros sitios.
（c） Cómo podemos intercambiar información
Intercambio de información sobre usted en Nuestros sitios.
No vendemos o compartimos sus datos personales con terceros para fines de marketing o publicidad.
Sin embargo, es posible que utilicemos otros terceros (cada uno de los cuales aparece en la Tabla de cookies) para ayudarnos a vender o a enviarle publicidad.
Exigimos que estos terceros y empresas se comprometan a cumplir con todas las leyes de protección de datos aplicables, a mantener toda la información compartida con ellos de manera confidencial y a utilizar la información sólo para cumplir con sus obligaciones para con nosotros. Lo anterior se alcanza mediante acuerdos con todos los terceros que tratan datos personales.
Si realiza una publicación en nuestro blog, su comentario e información estarán disponibles públicamente. Póngase en contacto con support@outbrain.com para eliminar su comentario.
Uso de servicios de terceros en Nuestros sitios.
Nuestros sitios contienen enlaces a otros sitios web que ni operamos ni son de nuestra propiedad. No controlamos, recomendamos ni respaldamos el contenido, los productos, los servicios, las políticas ni las prácticas de privacidad de estos sitios web de terceros. Por ejemplo, en Nuestros sitios encontrará iconos en los que podrá hacer clic y que le llevarán a la página de Facebook de Outbrain o a la página de LinkedIn de Outbrain. Si decide hacer clic en estos enlaces, debe saber que estos sitios web ni son propiedad ni están operados por Outbrain, por lo que estos terceros podrán enviar sus propias cookies a su dispositivo y podrán recopilar datos personales de forma independiente. Por lo tanto, es importante que conozca las políticas de privacidad de las páginas de estos terceros.
Consulte también el apartado «Intercambio» de la presente Política de privacidad.
(d) Sus derechos Nuestros Términos de uso rigen el uso que usted realiza de Nuestros sitios y también se le aplican a usted cuando interactúe con Nuestros sitios. Puede dejar de usar Nuestros sitios en cualquier momento. Si lo hace, es posible que también desee eliminar las cookies que hayamos colocado en cualquier dispositivo utilizado para acceder a Nuestros sitios, lo cual puede realizar mediante su explorador. Si durante su uso de Nuestros sitios proporciona su dirección de correo electrónico, cualquier correo electrónico que reciba de Outbrain incluirá la opción «darse de baja». Además, también podrá inhabilitar el envío de marketing directo escribiendo a support@outbrain.com.
Para los Visitantes del sitio en territorio europeo, Outbrain ha implementado una plataforma de gestión de consentimiento (impulsada por One Trust) en Nuestros sitios que brinda la oportunidad de otorgar o no su consentimiento a las cookies y tecnologías de seguimiento similares que empleamos. Después de acceder a Nuestros sitios, verá un banner en el centro de la página con información sobre las cookies que empleamos. Puede hacer clic en el banner para rechazar cualquier tipo de cookies (por ejemplo, aquellas sobre el proceso o las publicitarias) que no se consideren estrictamente necesarias (como se define en la Tabla de cookies). Al hacer clic en «Aceptar» en el banner, usted está aceptando las cookies así como tecnologías similares de seguimiento. La base legal de Outbrain para el tratamiento de datos personales de los Visitantes del sitio en el territorio europeo en Nuestros sitios es el consentimiento. Puede retirar su consentimiento en cualquier momento Cookies Settings. Por lo que respecta a todos los demás Visitantes del sitio no ubicados en territorios europeos, nos apoyamos en nuestro legítimo interés para procesar datos personales de cualquier tipo, si bien esto no impide que los Visitantes del sitio no ubicados en territorio no europeo retiren su consentimiento en cualquier momento a través de nuestra plataforma de gestión de consentimiento.
Usuarios: Se considera que usted es un Usuario cuando visita una página de un sitio web o una aplicación de uno de los asociados de Outbrain en los que esté instalado el widget de Outbrain o aparezcan nuestras recomendaciones («Sitios de asociados»). Por ejemplo, si usted visita https://news.sky.com/uk, www.spiegel.de o www.cnn.com, el widget de Outbrain está implementado en dichos sitios web. Podrá reconocer que está interactuando con un widget de Outbrain cuando vea texto que hace referencia a Outbrain (p. ej., «Recomendado por Outbrain», «de Outbrain» junto a las recomendaciones. Si hace clic en la referencia hipervinculada de Outbrain, verá una nota detallada que le permitirá navegar al Portal de interés de Outbrain y hasta esta Política de privacidad donde puede elegir la opción de inhabilitar las recomendaciones personalizadas. En algunos casos, un asociado puede incluir en su propia oferta servicios de Outbrain con etiqueta blanca. En tales casos, dichos asociados deben especificar su uso de Outbrain en sus políticas de privacidad. Ver más aquí.
Ejemplo de un widget de Outbrain.
(a) Qué información recopilamos y por qué Utilizamos identificadores únicos de usuario (UUID, por sus siglas en inglés), direcciones IP y otra información de uso para poder ofrecer recomendaciones interesantes. Las recomendaciones de Outbrain pueden estar sujetas a pago por parte de un anunciante que le guiará mediante un vínculo a un nuevo sitio web o pueden ser orgánicas, de modo que dicho enlace conduzca a otra página del mismo sitio del asociado
UUID.
Si usted, como usuario, visita por primera vez un sitio de un asociado (p. ej., CNN.com), Outbrain colocará una cookie en su dispositivo con el fin de generar un UUID. Como alternativa, si usted interactúa por primera vez con un asociado utilizando la aplicación de dicho asociado, Outbrain recibirá su ID de anunciante, la cual está asignada a su dispositivo. Nosotros catalogamos y analizamos el contenido que usted consume en los sitios de los asociados. Nuestras recomendaciones se basan en: (i) un historial de navegación del UUID; (ii) patrones similares de navegación de otros Usuarios; (iii) recomendaciones que gozan de popularidad en general entre el público de Outbrain en ese momento; (iv) determinada aletoriedad, y (v) requisitos de identificación que pueden aportar o solicitar nuestros clientes de Amplify. A modo de ejemplo, Outbrain puede saber que el UUID 123 (que puede ser la de su iPhone X en The Guardian cuando utiliza Chrome como navegador) tiene interés en leer información sobre destinos de vacaciones lejanos y que las personas interesadas en leer sobre destinos de vacaciones lejanos también están interesadas en información sobre comida exótica. Cuando usted interactúa con Outbrain, nosotros no recopilamos datos personales típicos sobre usted, como su dirección de correo electrónico o su nombre, y por lo tanto no podemos asociar su nombre a su UUID (por ejemplo, no podemos saber que a John Smith, que tiene el UUID 123, le interesa leer artículos sobre destinos de vacaciones lejanos).
El UUID es una secuencia de números o letras. Este UUID se vincula automáticamente a su dispositivo y varía dependiendo de su combinación de navegadores. En otras palabras, Outbrain registra un UUID diferente dependiendo del dispositivo o navegador que utilice para acceder a los Sitios asociados. Por ejemplo, usted tendrá un UUID cuando acceda a un Sitio asociado desde su teléfono móvil utilizando el navegador Safari, y un UUID diferente cuando acceda a un Sitio asociado desde su iPad utilizando el navegador Safari. Outbrain combinará y consolidará un UUID de un dispositivo móvil (portátil o tablet) desde un navegador que accede posteriormente a una aplicación (o viceversa) desde el mismo dispositivo. Outbrain no ejecuta un cross device tracking y por lo tanto no puede vincular a un usuario que interactúa con Outbrain en su teléfono con el mismo usuario que interactúa con Outbrain desde su equipo de escritorio.
Dirección IP
Aparte de su UUID, reconocemos su dirección IP, la cual trasladamos al sistema geolocalización y eliminamos el último octeto para enmascarar la información de identificación. A continuación, utilizamos esta información enmascarada, en combinación con la información recibida de otros terceros asociados de confianza (como MaxMind), para determinar una referencia general de dónde se ubica usted (p. ej., en Nueva York). Outbrain reconocerá igualmente su dirección IP aunque inhabilite el seguimiento personalizado, ya que esto es necesario para poder seguir ofreciéndole recomendaciones contextuales, si bien, en este caso, su dirección IP no se asocia con su UUID y no forma parte de ningún perfil de usuario.
Otros datos relacionados con la utilización
Además de su UUID y su dirección IP, recopilamos también la siguiente información relacionada con usted en (a) sitios para dispositivos de escritorio y móviles: (i) Datos del Agente usuario: tipo de dispositivo (p. ej., iphone), tipo de navegador (p. ej., chrome), sistema operativo (p. ej. iOS); (ii) las páginas visitadas; (iii) la hora de la visita; y (iv) las URL de referencia y otra información que normalmente se transmite en las solicitudes HTTP.La información estadística mencionada anteriormente nos aporta información sobre cuántos Usuarios han visitado una página específica en nuestros Sitios asociados en los que está instalado el widget de Outbrain, cuánto tiempo ha permanecido cada Usuario en dicha página, el tipo de contenido de la página en cuestión en el que han hecho clic y cómo han interactuado en general con dicha página; y (b) en aplicaciones (i) versión de la aplicación (tal y como aparece en App Store o Play Store); (ii) ID de la aplicación o nombre de paquete (tal y como aparece en App Store o Play Store); (iii) sistema operativo (p. ej. IOS o Android); (iii) versión del sistema operativo; y (iv) modelo del dispositivo (p. ej. iPhone X).Esta información se considera personal si Outbrain la asocia a un UUID.
Puesto que Outbrain no tiene una relación directa con los Usuarios que interactúan con Sitios asociados, Outbrain parte de que sus asociados aplican los fundamentos legales según los cuales Outbrain puede procesar los datos personales. Cada asociado se basa en
(b) Qué cookies y otras tecnologías similares utilizamos
Cookies de Outbrain Píxeles de Outbrain Píxeles de terceros Cookies de OutbrainConsulte en la Tabla de cookies under “Users” en el apartado «Usuarios» para obtener un listado detallado de las cookies de origen que utilizamos cuando usted interactúa con Sitios asociados en los que está implementada la tecnología de Outbrain. Píxeles de Outbrain Ademas del widget visible de Outbrain en los Sitios asociados, algunos anunciantes de Outbrain pueden implementar el píxel de Outbrain en sus sitios web. El píxel de Outbrain determina si un Usuario que accede a la página en la que está instalado el píxel tiene un UUID de Outbrain con el fin de proporcionar informes a los anunciantes en relación con su campaña particular. Si hay un UUID asociado a un usuario final, Outbrain permite a los anunciantes o bien redestinar dichos UUID y/o notifica a los anunciantes el número total de Usuarios (de forma acumulada y anónima) que han accedido a una página en particular (por ejemplo, un anunciante no puede saber que el UUID1234 se ha convertido, sino solamente que se ha producido una conversión). Outbrain no transfiere a sus anunciantes ningún dato personal (incluido su UUID) ni recopila ninguna otra información personal a través del píxel. Outbrain no combina la información recibida de la información de píxel de Outbrain con un perfil de UUID (por ejemplo, Outbrain solamente registra que se ha producido una conversión, y no que el UUID123 se ha convertido al acceder a la página elegida del anunciante). Exigimos a los anunciantes que revelen el uso del píxel de Outbrain en sus propios sitios web.Outbrain también puede permitir a determinados terceros asociados de confianza recopilar datos a través de cookies suministradas por medio del widget de Outbrain. En tales casos, Outbrain no transfiere esta información recolectada sobre sus usuarios a dichos terceros, pero sí que les permite a estos terceros recopilar información directamente (incluyendo datos personales) mediante el widget para la prevención de fraudes y/o fines de seguridad o para proporcionar información de mediciones a anunciantes (tales como el numero de conversiones o impresiones). Esta recopilación de información se rige por las políticas de privacidad de los terceros. Píxeles de tercerosSi hace clic en un enlace a una de nuestras recomendaciones, el anunciante que patrocina la recomendación puede colocar cookies (o cookies de terceros pertenecientes a terceros que actúan en nombre del anunciante ) en su dispositivo, bien a través de redireccionamiento antes de llegar a la página de destino de las recomendaciones o al llegar a la página de destino. Estas cookies se colocan con el fin de proporcionar análisis al anunciante relacionado con la campaña del mismo (por ejemplo, para ver cuántos usuarios han visto la campaña del anunciante). Exigimos a nuestros anunciantes que revelen el uso de píxeles de terceros y/o cookies para los usuarios finales a través su sitio web. Estas cookies y/o píxeles se agregan a discreción única de nuestros anunciantes, por lo que usted queda sujeto al aviso de privacidad del anunciante y/o a su política de privacidad.
(c) Cómo podemos intercambiar información
Nuestros sociosOutbrain no comparte con terceros ni vende a terceros perfiles de usuario completos. No obstante, podemos compartir determinados elementos de un perfil de usuario (por ejemplo, el UUID) con los siguientes socios, incluyendo:
socios de seguridad de la marca, de análisis y de prevención de fraudes; plataformas de demanda (DSP) y plataformas SSP;
Ad Exchanges y/o redes; y plataformas de gestión de demanda.
Consulte aquí un listado de algunos de nuestros socios de confianza.
Además, podemos recopilar y/ o compartir una serie de datos personales con socios de confianza en virtud de su participación en la OpenRTB. Muchos de estos socios están registrados como vendedores globales adscritos al TCF (marco regulatorio de consentimiento y transparencia) de la Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) y pueden encontrarse aquí. (d) Sus derechos
Inhabilitación de Outbrain en sitios para dispositivos de escritorio y móviles
Inhabilitación de Outbrain en sitios para dispositivos de escritorio y móviles. Usted puede inhabilitar el envío (opt out) de recomendaciones personalizadas de Outbrain (o, si las ha inhabilitado, volver a suscribirlas) en cualquier momento desplazando el botón más abajo. Asimismo, puede inhabilitar el envío de recomendaciones personalizadas a través del Perfil de interés de Outbrain, que es un sitio web que ofrece una visualización general de los datos que Outbrain tiene sobre usted y que puede utilizar para emitir sus recomendaciones.
Inhabilitación de Outbrain en aplicaciones
Inhabilitación de Outbrain en aplicaciones. Para inhabilitar las recomendaciones de Outbrain en sus aplicaciones móviles puede seguir los pasos que se indican a continuación:
Dispositivos iOS: Configuración > Privacidad > Publicidad > Limitar seguimiento de anuncios Dispositivos Android: Aplicación de configuración de Google > Anuncios > Inhabilitar personalización de anuncios
Tenga en cuenta que la inhabilitación a través de su Perfil de interés y/o de esta Política de privacidad no implica la inhabilitación del seguimiento personalizado en sus aplicaciones. Esta inhabilitación debe realizarse a través de la configuración de su dispositivo.
Otras opciones de inhabilitación.
Otras opciones de inhabilitación. También puede inhabilitar la recepción de anuncios personalizados enviados por nosotros u otras compañías anunciantes mediante herramientas de iniciativas del sector como la NAI o las distintas páginas basadas en la DAA (DAA,
http://www.aboutads.info/choices; DAAC, www.youradchoices.ca/choices , y/o EDAA www.youronlinechoices.eu). Visitar las páginas de elección del consumidor de la NAI, DAA, DAAC o EDAA le permitirá inhabilitar todos o algunos de los servicios de los miembros participantes. Al igual que la inhabilitación a través de Outbrain, estas opciones de inhabilitación no significan que no vaya a dejar de recibir publicidad, sino que los anuncios que reciba no estarán personalizados según sus preferencias. Por lo tanto, seguirá recibiendo publicidad, por ejemplo, basada en el sitio web en particular que esté visitando (es decir, anuncios basados en el contexto). Del mismo modo, si sus navegadores están configurados para rechazar cookies cuando visite las páginas de atención al consumidor de la DAA, DAAC o EDAA, su inhabilitación no tendrá efecto, puesto que está basada en cookies. Información IMPORTANTE Aunque haya inhabilitado las recomendaciones personalizadas de Outbrain:
Seguirá viendo las recomendaciones de Outbrain. Inhabilitar el seguimiento personalizado de Outbrain no significa que vaya a dejar de recibir recomendaciones de Outbrain. En lugar de ello, las recomendaciones de Outbrain que reciba no serán personalizadas (es decir, serán recomendaciones basadas en el contexto). Su inhabilitación está basada en cookies y es específica para el dispositivo/navegador. Si navega por la página web desde varios dispositivos o navegadores, deberá inhabilitar cada dispositivo o navegador para asegurarse de que no realizamos el seguimiento personalizado en ninguno ellos. Por la misma razón, si compra un dispositivo nuevo, cambia de navegador o borra (o limpia) la cookie de inhabilitación tendrá que inhabilitarla de nuevo. Inhabilitar el seguimiento personalizado no es lo mismo que bloquear las cookies. No deberá habilitar las recomendaciones de Outbrain durante al menos 21 días, ya que la eliminación de su perfil está vinculada a su UUID. Su inhabilitación de las recomendaciones personalizadas de Outbrain será efectiva de manera inmediata. No obstante, si su navegador permite el almacenamiento local y usted habilita las recomendaciones personalizadas de Outbrain (por ejemplo, al aceptar un banner de cookie) en un plazo de 21 días después de inhabilitarlas, es posible que su perfil anterior vuelva a conectarse con su UUID. Si no habilita Outbrain en un plazo de 21 días, se eliminará su perfil y no podrá recuperarse.
Como la mayoría de las cookies de inhabilitación, la opción de inhabilitación en el navegador de Outbrain se basa en una cookie. La cookie de inhabilitación está diseñada con efecto persistente para atender a las preferencias del usuario. Sin embargo, la función de «Prevención de seguimiento inteligente» de iOS11 puede afectar a la persistencia de las cookies entre sitios web por espacio de las siguientes 24 horas. Recomendamos utilizar otro navegador o considerar el bloqueo de las todas las cookies de terceros en el navegador para lograr ser «inhabilitado» sin necesidad de supeditarse a ningún método de inhabilitación efectivo de la compañía. Su memoria local no se borra. Aunque haya inhabilitado las recomendaciones personalizadas de Outbrain, su memoria local no se borrará automáticamente y por lo tanto deberá hacerlo usted a través del navegador además de la inhabilitación.
Socios comerciales: Usted se convierte en Socio comercial cuando se registra (o envía un correo electrónico a Outbrain) en nombre de la compañía para la que trabaja para utilizar los Servicios Outbrain Amplify o Outbrain Engage. Ver más aquí.
(a) Qué información recopilamos y por qué Puede que usted proporcione ciertos datos personales (como su nombre y/o la dirección de correo electrónico) cuando se suscriba a los servicios de Amplify o Engage o alternativamente cuando se ponga en contacto o interactúe con nosotros. Si solicita convertirse en Socio comercial, es posible que le solicitemos información adicional a través de formularios de solicitud de anunciantes, órdenes de inserción y otros formularios. Asimismo, recopilamos automáticamente información acerca de las acciones de su nombre de usuario en el panel de control de Outbrain. Por ejemplo, como un Socio comercial de Amplify, si usted cambia el coste por clic para una de sus campañas, el registro de auditoría de Outbrain tendrá un registro de todas esas acciones.
Recopilamos y tratamos los datos personales anteriores con el fin de cumplir nuestras obligaciones en virtud de nuestro acuerdo como Socio comercial (o posible Socio comercial) con usted, incluido para:
responder a sus preguntas y solicitudes; proporcionarle acceso a determinadas funciones y características de nuestros servicios Amplify o Engage (p. ej., para poner a disposición y mantener su cuenta del panel de control); verificar su identidad; e informarle sobre su cuenta, nuestros productos y promociones disponibles que puedan ser relevantes para su uso del servicio Amplify o Engage.
(b) Qué cookies y otras tecnologías similares utilizamos
Consulte en esta Tabla de cookies el apartado «Socios comerciales» para obtener un listado de las cookies de origen y de terceros (y sus correspondientes periodos de retención) que utilizamos con los socios comerciales.
(c) Cómo podemos compartir la información con otros Podemos revelar cierta información de los Socios comerciales a proveedores, contratistas u otros que ayuden a Outbrain a prestar los servicios (por ejemplo, procesamiento de tarjetas de crédito). Consulte también el apartado «Intercambio» de la presente Política de privacidad.
(d) Sus derechos Si como Socio comercial desea verificar, corregir, actualizar o solicitar la desactivación de su información, puede ir al panel de control de Outbrain para editar sus preferencias de perfil o ponerse en contacto con nosotros ensupport@outbrain.com. Si está recibiendo correos electrónicos de Outbrain, puede «darse de baja» haciendo uso del enlace en el correo electrónico. Tenga en cuenta que la cancelación de la suscripción no le inhabilitará las notificaciones que sean críticas para proporcionar los servicios de Amplify o Engage (por ejemplo, facturas por correo electrónico). (e) Base legal La base legal de Outbrain para el tratamiento de datos personales de Socios comerciales es el acuerdo contractual.
4. Medidas de seguridad, transmisiones fuera del EEE, intercambio y retención de datos
+
Seguridad Transferencias de datos fuera de la UE/EEE Intercambio Retención de datos
Seguridad Outbrain tiene un equipo de seguridad específico. Mantenemos un estricto control de los datos personales que recopilamos y los retenemos en bases de datos seguras y protegidas por cortafuegos con derechos de acceso estrictamente limitados y controlados, para garantizar su seguridad. Consulte normas de seguridad para obtener más información. Los socios comerciales tienen acceso a determinadas funciones protegidas por contraseña del servicio Amplify o Engage. Los Socios comerciales son responsables de mantener la confidencialidad de la contraseña y de asegurar que lo hagan igualmente sus empleados y/o agentes. No olvide que, lamentablemente, la transmisión de información a través de internet nunca es completamente segura. El «spoofing» o «phishing» son algunas de las estafas más comunes en Internet. Esto se produce cuando recibe un correo electrónico que parece proceder de una fuente legítima que le solicita datos personales. Tenga en cuenta que no le enviaremos ningún correo electrónico solicitándole que verifique la información de su tarjeta de crédito, bancaria o cualquier otro dato personal. Si alguna vez recibe un correo electrónico que parece ser de nuestra parte solicitándole dicha información, no responda a él y no haga clic en ninguno de los enlaces que aparecen en el correo electrónico. En su lugar, reenvíenos el correo electrónico a legal@outbrain.com, ya que investigaremos casos de posible fraude en Internet.
Transferencias de datos fuera de la UE/EEECuando transferimos datos personales desde el Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE) garantizamos que dichas transferencias se realizan de conformidad con las leyes de protección de datos relevantes, incluidas, si son de aplicación, las cláusulas contractuales tipo de la UE o una decisión de adecuación de la Comisión Europea en virtud del artículo 25(6) de la Directiva 95/46/CE o el artículo 45 del RGPD. Expresado de otro modo, sus derechos y protecciones quedan adheridos a sus datos y nosotros hacemos uso de cláusulas contractuales aprobadas y otras medidas destinadas a garantizar que los destinatarios de sus datos personales se encarguen de protegerlos. Outbrain ha establecido las cláusulas contractuales tipo entre las entidades de Outbrain para gestionar la transferencia de datos fuera del EEE. IntercambioAdemás de la descripción de cómo podemos revelar sus datos personales en función de cada tipo de usuario, también podemos revelar datos personales de la siguiente manera:Dentro de la familia de empresas controladas por Outbrain por razones internas, principalmente con fines comerciales y operativos. Si pasamos por una transición de negocios, como una fusión, adquisición por otra compañía o venta de todos o parte de nuestros activos, es probable que sus datos personales se encuentren entre los activos transferidos. Cuando la ley así lo requiera (por ejemplo, para cooperar con investigaciones de las fuerzas del orden u otros procedimientos legales). Para responder a una verdadera emergencia. Además, combinamos sus datos personales con los de otros usuarios para compartir información sobre tendencias y acumular estadísticas de usuarios con terceros, siempre de forma agregada y anonimizada.
Retención de datosEl período de retención para cada una de las cookies que utiliza Outbrain (ya sea por su cuenta o en nuestro nombre por parte de terceros) se indica en la Tabla de cookies. Más específicamente, la cookie de Outbrain (Obuid), que se utiliza para el seguimiento de acciones de los usuarios, tales como clics, expira tres (3) meses después de que un usuario visite un sitio en particular dentro de nuestra red, si bien esta cookie se restablecerá si el usuario vuelve a visitar el mismo sitio u otro sitio de nuestra red. Del mismo modo, no retenemos ningún punto de datos individual de un usuario durante más de 13 meses. Por ejemplo, si el UUID 123 leyó un artículo el 31 de diciembre de 2018, el 1 de febrero de 2019 dicho artículo dejó de formar parte del perfil del UUID 123.Outbrain también mantiene una Política de Retención de Datos que detalla el período de retención de datos personales sobre la base de nuestro análisis sobre cuánto tiempo es necesario retener razonablemente los datos específicos para fines legales o comerciales. Cuando ya no necesitamos datos personales, los borraremos o destruiremos de forma segura. Los datos agregados, que no puedan identificar un dispositivo/navegador (o a una persona) y se utilicen con fines de información y análisis, se mantendrán durante el tiempo que sea necesario desde el punto de vista comercial.
5. Niños y datos sensibles
+
Niños Ninguno de nuestros servicios está dirigido intencionadamente a niños menores de 16 años. No recopilamos de manera consciente datos personales de ninguna persona menor de 16 años de edad. Si en el momento de la recopilación determinamos que un Visitante del sitio, un Usuario o un Socio comercial es menor de 16 años, no utilizaremos ni mantendremos sus datos personales. Si tenemos constancia de que sin saberlo hemos recopilado datos personales de un menor de 16 años, haremos todos los esfuerzos razonables para eliminar dicha información de nuestros registros. ¡Si eres un niño, ve a jugar al patio, no uses ni interactúes con Outbrain!
Datos sensiblesNo recopilamos ni recibimos ninguna categoría sensible de datos personales.
6. Visitantes del territorio europeo
+
De conformidad con determinadas leyes relativas a la privacidad, en particular el Reglamento General de Protección de Datos europeo (RGPD), Outbrain otorga derechos adicionales específicos a las personas individuales que interactúan con Outbrain, como el derecho de acceso, de rectificación, de objeción, de reclamación, de eliminación y de bloqueo. En términos más específicos y bajo determinadas circunstancias:
El derecho a solicitar información sobre si procesamos datos personales y cuáles, así como el derecho a solicitar la rectificación o modificación de dichos datos personales. El derecho a solicitar el borrado de los datos personales. El derecho a solicitar la restricción del tratamiento de los datos personales. El derecho a retirar su consentimiento para el tratamiento y uso de sus datos total o parcialmente en cualquier momento a través de una solicitud en el futuro. El derecho a obtener sus datos personales en un formato común, estructurado y legible mecánicamente. Contacte a nuestro responsable de protección de datos para plantear preguntas, presentar sugerencias, reclamaciones o solicitudes en relación con nuestra declaración de protección de datos y el tratamiento de sus datos personales. El derecho a presentar una reclamación ante la autoridad supervisora responsable si cree que el tratamiento de sus datos personales infringe la legislación.
Además de lo anterior, hacemos referencia a ciertos derechos de los ciudadanos del territorio europeo a través de la presente Política de Privacidad. Según el RGPD, se entienden como ciudadanos de «Territorios europeos» los del Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE), el Espacio Europeo de Libre Comercio (EFTA) y Suiza. A los efectos de la presente Política de privacidad, el término «territorio europeo» seguirá incluyendo al Reino Unido, incluso después de que el Reino Unido abandone el Espacio Económico Europeo tras el Brexit.
Si tiene cualquier pregunta en relación al ejercicio de los derechos mencionados más arriba, envíe un correo electrónico a Privacy@outbrain.com.
7. Declaración de «no rastreo» (Do Not Track)
+
Algunos navegadores transmiten señales de «no rastreo» (DNT, por sus siglas en inglés) a sitios web. Debido a que no existe una idea común de cómo interpretar la señal DNT, Outbrain no altera, cambia ni responde actualmente a las peticiones o señales DNT de estos navegadores. Seguiremos supervisando la actividad del sector en esta área y volveremos a evaluar nuestras prácticas de DNT según sea necesario. Entretanto, puede utilizar todas las demás herramientas que ponemos a disposición para controlar la recopilación y el uso de los datos, incluida la posibilidad de inhabilitar la recepción de recomendaciones personalizadas en el apartado Usuarios.
8. Cómo puede cambiar esta Política de privacidad
+
Es posible que añadamos cambios de forma periódica a esta Política de privacidad. En este caso, incorporaremos un aviso en primer plano claramente visible para usted como Visitante del sitio o como Socio comercial, pero no disponemos de medio alguno para informar a los Usuarios de una actualización mediante notificación. Le recomendamos que consulte con regularidad si la Política de privacidad ha sido modificada, lo cual podrá comprobar fácilmente ya que indicamos siempre la fecha de la última modificación de la Política de privacidad en la parte superior de la página.
Effective April 28, 2021
Download
Politique de confidentialité Outbrain s’engage à protéger vos données à caractère personnel. Cette politique de confidentialité (la « Politique de confidentialité ») régit l’utilisation par Outbrain des données collectées par nous, notamment toutes les données à caractère personnel quelles qu’elles soient. Par données à caractère personnel, on entend les informations qui vous concernent et permettent éventuellement de vous identifier. Nous utilisons vos données à caractère personnel conformément aux lois en vigueur. Afin de garantir la conformité et de nous aligner sur les valeurs d’Outbrain en matière de confiance et de transparence, nous disposons d’une équipe de « privacy champions » chargés de mettre en œuvre en continu notre programme mondial de respect de la vie privée.
+ ESPANDI TUTTO – TOUT RÉDUIRE
1. Qui nous sommes, ce que nous faisons, comment contacter Outbrain, notre DPO ou les autorités compétentes
+
Qui nous sommes : La présente politique de confidentialité s’applique à Outbrain Inc., une société du Delaware (États-Unis) dont le siège se trouve à New York, et à ses succursales affiliées (collectivement désignées par les termes « Outbrain », ou « nous », « notre », « nos »). Nous exerçons nos activités dans différents bureaux situés dans plusieurs pays et nous travaillons en partenariat avec des éditeurs et des annonceurs du monde entier.
Veuillez noter que la succursale d’Outbrain, Zemanta Inc., dispose d’une Politique de confidentialité distincte qui est consultable ici.
Ce que nous faisons :
Outbrain a pour mission de vous proposer des recommandations pertinentes que nous pensons susceptibles de vous intéresser. Pour remplir cette mission, nous concluons des accords avec :
des éditeurs et des partenaires qui souhaitent recommander des contenus pertinents à leurs utilisateurs (il s’agit d’Outbrain Engage) ;
des annonceurs qui souhaitent que les utilisateurs visualisent leurs contenus (il s’agit d’Outbrain Amplify) ; et des partenaires tiers qui nous aident à proposer des recommandations pertinentes.
Pour en savoir plus sur nos services Amplify (annonceurs), rendez-vous ici et sur nos services Engage (éditeurs), rendez-vous ici.
Comment nous contacter : Nous vérifions régulièrement que nous respectons cette Politique de confidentialité. Les questions, commentaires et demandes concernant cette Politique de confidentialité sont les bienvenus. Ils doivent être adressés en premier lieu par e-mail à privacy@outbrain.com ou par courrier à Outbrain Inc., 222 Broadway 19th Floor, New York, NY 10038, Attn: Privacy Questions.
Si Outbrain ne répond pas de manière satisfaisante à vos questions ou inquiétudes, vous pouvez également contacter, pour des conseils, une assistance ou des réclamations :
le délégué à la protection des données externe d’Outbrain (« DPO ») : ePrivacy GmbH, représenté par Christoph Bauer. Vous pouvez joindre directement ePrivacy GmbH à l’adresse dpo@outbrain.com ; et/ou Information Commissioner’s Officer, le service de supervision principal d’Outbrain pour les pays européens.
2. Alliances et adhésion
+
Nous adhérons aux principes d’autorégulation définis par la Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) et la European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance(EDAA) ; Nous sommes membres de plein droit de la Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), une association dédiée à la collecte et l’utilisation responsables des données à des fins de publicité numérique. Nous adhérons également au code de bonne conduite de la NAI pour le Web et les appareils mobiles. Outbrain adhère aussi aux principes d’autorégulation de l’Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) pour la publicité comportementale en ligne et à l’OBA Framework de l’IAB Europe. Nous avons également reçu la certification JICWEBS DTSG Brand Safety ici.
3.
Types d’utilisateurs Outbrain (y compris les Options d’exclusion)
+
La majeure partie de cette Politique de confidentialité est divisée en sections basées sur la manière dont vous interagissez avec Outbrain. Vous êtes un Visiteur des sites, un Utilisateur et/ou un Partenaire commercial (comme défini ci-après). Veuillez déterminer quel type d’utilisateur vous êtes. Pour chaque type d’utilisateur, nous avons expliqué quelles informations nous collectons et pourquoi, quels témoins de connexion ou « cookies » et autres technologies similaires nous utilisons, comment nous partageons ces informations, et vos droits.
Visiteurs des sites : vous êtes un Visiteur des sites quand vous consultez et interagissez avec nos sites Web, nos pages Web, nos fonctionnalités interactives, nos blogs et leur contenu sur Outbrain.com (ou tout autre site dérivé comme Outbrain.co.uk ; Outbrain.fr ; outbrain.de etc.) (« Nos Sites »). Cliquez ici pour en savoir plus.
（a）Quelles informations nous collectons et pourquoi Nous souhaitons comprendre quels services sur Nos Sites vous intéressent et vous rappeler les services que nous proposons quand vous n’êtes pas sur Nos Sites. Pour ce faire, nous collectons les informations suivantes à partir de votre appareil : (i) l’adresse IP; (ii) les données agent utilisateur : le type d’appareil (ex. : iPhone), le type de navigateur (ex. : Chrome), le système d’exploitation (ex. : iOS) ; (iii) les pages visitées sur Nos Sites (ex. : la page « À propos » d’Outbrain ») ; (iv) l’heure de visite (et le fuseau horaire correspondant) ; et (v) les URL correspondantes et autres informations normalement transmises dans les requêtes HTTP (par exemple, informations indiquant comment vous êtes arrivé sur Nos Sites).
De plus, nous pouvons aussi collecter votre nom et votre adresse e-mail si vous acceptez de nous envoyer vos détails sur Nos Sites (par exemple, en vous inscrivant à notre lettre d’information).
（b）Quels cookies et autres technologies similaires nous utilisons Veuillez consulter cette Table des cookies, qui est mise à jour ponctuellement, sous la section « Visiteurs des sites » pour obtenir la liste détaillée des cookies propriétaires et tiers (et leur période de conservation respective) qui peuvent être utilisés lorsque vous consultez Nos Sites.
（c） Comment nous sommes susceptibles de partager les informations
Le partage des informations que nous obtenons sur vous sur nos Sites.
Nous ne vendons pas et/ou ne partageons pas les données à caractère personnel vous concernant avec des tiers à des fins de marketing ou de publicité.
Nous faisons appel à des tiers divers (chacun d’entre eux étant répertorié dans la Table des cookies) pour nous aider dans nos démarches commerciales et publicitaires envers vous.
Nous demandons à ces tiers et entreprises d’accepter de respecter l’ensemble des lois en vigueur en matière de protection des données, de préserver la confidentialité de toutes les informations que nous partageons avec eux et de ne les utiliser que pour remplir leurs obligations envers nous. À cette fin, nous concluons des accords avec tous les tiers qui traitent les données à caractère personnel.
Si vous publiez un post sur notre blog, vos commentaires et informations seront disponibles publiquement. Veuillez contacter support@outbrain.com pour supprimer vos commentaires.
Utilisation de services de tiers sur nos Sites.
Nos Sites contiennent des liens vers d’autres sites Web dont nous ne sommes ni les propriétaires, ni les exploitants. Nous ne contrôlons, ne recommandons et ne cautionnons pas le contenu, les produits, les services, les politiques de confidentialité ou les pratiques de ces sites Web tiers. Vous noterez par exemple sur Nos Sites la présence d’icônes sur lesquelles vous pouvez cliquer pour accéder à la page Facebook ou LinkedIn d’Outbrain. Si vous choisissez de cliquer sur ces liens, vous devez savoir que ces sites ne sont pas détenus ou exploités par Outbrain et, par conséquent, ces sites Web tiers peuvent déposer leurs propres cookies sur votre appareil et collecter indépendamment des données à caractère personnel. Il est donc important que vous vous familiarisiez avec les politiques de confidentialité de ces sites Web tiers.
Veuillez aussi consulter la section Partage de la présente Politique de confidentialité.
(d) Vos droits Nos Conditions d’utilisation régissent votre utilisation de Nos Sites et s’appliquent à vous lorsque vous interagissez avec Nos Sites. Vous pouvez cesser d’utiliser Nos Sites à tout moment. Dans ce cas, vous souhaiterez peut-être aussi supprimer tout cookie placé sur les appareils, quels qu’ils soient, utilisés pour accéder à Nos Sites. Cette opération peut s’effectuer via votre navigateur. Si vous avez fourni une adresse e-mail lors de l’utilisation de Nos Sites, chaque e-mail que vous recevez de la part d’Outbrain comporte une option de désabonnement (« unsubscribe »). De plus, vous pouvez aussi demander votre exclusion du marketing direct en envoyant un e-mail à l’adresse support@outbrain.com.
Pour les Visiteurs des sites de Pays européens, Outbrain a mis en place une plateforme de gestion du consentement (exploitée par One Trust) sur Nos Sites qui vous donne la possibilité d’accepter, ou de refuser, les cookies et autres technologies de suivi similaires. Lors de l’accès à Nos Sites, vous verrez une bannière au centre de la page avec des informations sur les cookies que nous utilisons. Vous pouvez cliquer sur la bannière pour refuser les cookies (par exemple, les cookies de performance ou les cookies de ciblage) qui ne sont pas des cookies strictement nécessaires (au sens défini dans la Table des cookies). En cliquant sur « J’accepte » dans la bannière, vous indiquez que vous acceptez les cookies et les technologies de suivi similaires. La base juridique d’Outbrain pour le traitement des données à caractère personnel des Visiteurs des sites de Pays européens sur Nos Sites est le consentement. Vous pouvez retirer votre consentement à tout moment Cookies Settings. Concernant tous les autres Visiteurs des sites qui ne sont pas basés dans des Pays européens, nous faisons valoir notre intérêt légitime pour le traitement des données à caractère personnel. Toutefois, cela n’exclut pas que les Visiteurs des sites de Pays non européens retirent leur consentement à tout moment sur notre plateforme de gestion du consentement.
Utilisateurs : vous êtes un Utilisateur si vous visitez la page d’un site ou une application d’un des partenaires d’Outbrain sur laquelle le widget Outbrain est installé ou sur laquelle nos recommandations figurent (les « Sites de partenaires »). Par exemple, si vous consultez https://news.sky.com/uk, www.spiegel.de ou www.cnn.com, le widget Outbrain est exécuté sur ces sites Web. Les mentions référençant Outbrain (ex. : « Recommandé par Outbrain », « by Outbrain » à côté des recommandations) vous indiquent la présence d’un widget Outbrain. Si vous cliquez sur le lien de la référence Outbrain, vous visualiserez une notification détaillée qui vous permettra d’accéder au Portail d’intérêts Outbrain et à la présente Politique de confidentialité dans laquelle vous pouvez demander votre exclusion des recommandations personnalisées. Parfois, un partenaire peut avoir un service d’Outbrain générique pour sa propre offre. Dans ce cas, ces partenaires doivent préciser leur utilisation d’Outbrain dans leurs politiques de confidentialité. Cliquez ici pour en savoir plus.
Exemple de widget Outbrain
(a) Quelles informations nous collectons et pourquoi Nous utilisons les UUID, l’adresse IP et d’autres informations d’usage afin de proposer des recommandations intéressantes. Les recommandations d’Outbrain peuvent être payées par un annonceur pour vous mettre en relation avec un nouveau site Web. Elles peuvent aussi être organiques avec un lien vers une autre page du site du même partenaire.
UUID.
Quand vous consultez un Site de Partenaire (ex. : CNN.com) en tant qu’Utilisateur pour la première fois, Outbrain dépose un cookie sur votre appareil afin de générer un UUID. De même, si vous interagissez pour la première fois avec un Partenaire en utilisant l’application du Partenaire, Outbrain reçoit l’identifiant d’annonceur qui vous est attribué par votre appareil. Nous répertorions et analysons le contenu que vous consommez sur les Sites de Partenaires. Nos recommandations se basent sur : (i) l’historique de navigation des UUID ; (ii) les profils de consommation similaires d’autres Utilisateurs ; (iii) les recommandations généralement populaires auprès des utilisateurs d’Outbrain à ce moment-là ; (iv) quelques données aléatoires ; et (v) les exigences de ciblage éventuellement fournies ou demandées par nos clients Amplify. À titre d’exemple, Outbrain peut savoir que l’UUID 123 (cela pourrait être vous sur votre iPhone X lisant The Guardian en utilisant Chrome comme navigateur) aime lire des articles sur les destinations de vacances lointaines et que les personnes qui aiment lire ce type d’article aiment aussi les contenus sur la nourriture exotique. Lorsque vous interagissez avec Outbrain, nous ne collectons pas les données à caractère personnel traditionnelles auprès de vous, comme le nom ou l’adresse e-mail, nous ne pouvons donc pas associer votre nom avec votre UUID (par exemple, nous ne savons pas que Jean Dupont, qui est aussi l’UUID 123, aime lire des articles sur les destinations de vacances lointaines).
L’UUID est une séquence de chiffres et/ou de lettres. Cet UUID est rattaché à votre appareil et varie en fonction du navigateur que vous lui associez. Autrement dit, Outbrain enregistre un UUID différent selon le navigateur et/ou appareil que vous utilisez pour accéder aux Sites de Partenaires. Vous aurez, par exemple, un UUID quand vous consultez un Site de Partenaire depuis votre téléphone portable avec le navigateur Safari et un autre UUID pour la consultation d’un Site de Partenaire depuis votre iPad avec le navigateur Safari. Outbrain combinera et consolidera l’UUID depuis un appareil mobile (portable ou tablette) avec un navigateur qui accède ensuite à l’application (ou inversement) à partir du même appareil. Outbrain n’effectue aucun suivi entre les appareils et ne peut donc pas identifier un utilisateur interagissant avec Outbrain sur son téléphone comme étant le même utilisateur que celui qui interagit avec Outbrain sur son ordinateur portable.
Adresse IP
Outre votre UUID, nous reconnaissons votre adresse IP que nous convertissons en position géographique et supprimons le dernier octet pour masquer les informations d’identification. Nous exploitons ensuite ces informations masquées, conjointement avec des informations que nous recevons d’autres partenaires tiers de confiance (tels que MaxMind) pour bien identifier votre localisation (par exemple, Paris). Outbrain continuera de reconnaître votre adresse IP même si vous demandez votre exclusion du suivi personnalisé, car cela est nécessaire pour continuer à proposer des recommandations basées sur le contexte. Toutefois, dans ce cas, votre adresse IP n’est pas associée à votre UUID et ne figurera dans aucun profil utilisateur.
Autres informations d’utilisation
Outre votre UUID et votre adresse IP, nous collectons également auprès de vous les informations suivantes (a) sur les sites Web pour mobile et ordinateur de bureau : (i) les données agent utilisateur : le type d’appareil (ex. : iPhone), le type de navigateur (ex. : Chrome), le système d’exploitation (ex. : iOS) ; (ii) les pages visitées ; (iii) l’heure de visite ; et (iv) les URL correspondantes et autres informations normalement transmises dans les requêtes HTTP.Les informations statistiques ci-dessus nous donnent des informations sur le nombre d’Utilisateurs consultant une page spécifique sur nos Sites de Partenaires sur lesquels le widget Outbrain est installé, le temps que chaque Utilisateur a passé sur cette page, le type de contenu sur cette page sur lequel ils ont cliqué et la manière générale dont ils ont interagi avec cette page ; et (b) sur les applications : (i) la version de l’application (telle qu’elle apparaît dans App Store ou Play Store) ; (ii) l’ID de l’application ou le nom de package (tel qu’il apparaît dans App Store ou Play Store) ; (iii) le système d’exploitation (ex. : iOS ou Android) ; (iii) la version du système d’exploitation ; et (iv) le modèle d’appareil (ex. : iPhone X). Ces informations sont assimilées à des données à caractère personnel si Outbrain les associe à un UUID.
Outbrain n’ayant aucune relation directe avec les Utilisateurs interagissant avec les Sites de Partenaires, Outbrain s’appuie sur ses partenaires pour déterminer la base juridique sur laquelle Outbrain peut traiter les données à caractère personnel. Chaque site de partenaire s’appuie sur
(b) Cookies et autres technologies similaires nous utilisons
Cookies Outbrain Pixels Outbrain Pixel Tiers Cookies OutbrainVeuillez consulter la Tables des cookies sous « Utilisateurs » pour obtenir la liste détaillée des Cookies propriétaires que nous utilisons quand vous interagissez avec des Sites de Partenaires où la technologie Outbrain est mise en œuvre. Pixels OutbrainEn complément du widget visible d’Outbrain sur nos Sites de Partenaires, certains annonceurs Outbrain peuvent mettre en œuvre le pixel Outbrain sur leurs sites Web. Le pixel Outbrain détermine si l’Utilisateur qui atteint la page où le pixel est installé a un UUID Outbrain afin de livrer un rapport aux annonceurs concernant leur campagne spécifique. S’il existe un UUID associé avec un utilisateur final, Outbrain permet aux annonceurs de recibler ces UUID et/ou leur indique le nombre total d’Utilisateurs (sur une base agrégée et anonymisée) ayant atteint cette page (par exemple, un annonceur ne connaît pas cet UUID1234 converti, mais sait seulement qu’une conversion a eu lieu). Outbrain ne transmet pas de données à caractère personnel à ses annonceurs (y compris votre UUID) et ne collecte pas d’autres données à caractère personnel via le pixel. Outbrain ne combine aucune information reçue du pixel Outbrain avec le profil d’un UUID (par exemple, Outbrain sait seulement qu’une conversion a eu lieu et ignore que l’UUID123 s’est converti lorsqu’il a atteint la page sélectionnée de l’annonceur). Nous exigeons des annonceurs qu’ils révèlent l’utilisation du pixel Outbrain sur leurs propres sites Web.Outbrain peut aussi autoriser certains partenaires tiers de confiance à collecter des données via les cookies fournis par le biais du widget Outbrain. Dans ce cas, Outbrain ne transmet pas à ces tiers les données qu’Outbrain collecte sur ses Utilisateurs, mais autorise lesdits tiers à collecter directement des données (y compris des données à caractère personnel) via le widget à des fins de lutte contre la fraude et/ou de sécurité, ou pour fournir des informations de mesure aux annonceurs (telles que le nombre de conversions et/ou d’impressions). Cette collecte est régie par la politique de confidentialité de ces tiers. Pixel TiersSi vous cliquez sur le lien d’une de nos recommandations, l’annonceur qui sponsorise la recommandation est susceptible de placer des cookies (ou des cookies tiers de tiers agissant pour le compte de l’annonceur) sur votre appareil lors de la redirection avant d’arriver sur la page de destination des recommandations ou en atteignant la page de destination. Ces cookies sont déposés dans le but de fournir des analyses à l’annonceur concernant sa campagne (par exemple, pour voir combien d’utilisateurs ont vu la campagne de l’annonceur). Nous exigeons de nos annonceurs qu’ils révèlent l’utilisation de pixels et/ou de cookies tiers aux utilisateurs finaux via leur site Web. Ces cookies et/ou ces pixels étant ajoutés à la seule discrétion de nos annonceurs, vous serez soumis à la notification de confidentialité et/ou à la politique de confidentialité de cet annonceur. (c) Comment nous sommes susceptibles de partager les informations
Nos PartenairesOutbrain ne partage pas et/ou ne vend pas les profils complets des Utilisateurs avec des tiers, quels qu’ils soient. Cependant, nous pouvons partager certains éléments d’un profil utilisateur (par exemple, l’UUID) avec les partenaires suivants, y compris les :
Partenaires spécialisés dans la sécurité de marque, l’analyse et la fraude ; Plateformes côté demande (DSP) et Plateformes côté offre (SSP) ;
Bourses d’annonces et/ou réseaux d’annonces ; et Plateformes de gestion de la demande.
Rendez-vous ici pour consulter la liste de certains de nos partenaires de confiance.
En outre, nous pouvons collecter et/ou partager certaines données à caractère personnel avec des partenaires de confiance dans le cadre de la participation à OpenRTB. Bon nombre de ces partenaires sont inscrits au TCF de l’IAB comme fournisseurs mondiaux et sont visibles ici. (d) Vos droits
Exclusion Outbrain sur sites Web pour mobile et ordinateur de bureau
Exclusion Outbrain sur sites Web pour mobile et ordinateur de bureau. Vous pouvez demander une exclusion des recommandations personnalisées d’Outbrain (ou, si vous avez activé l’exclusion et souhaitez rétablir l’inclusion) à tout moment en déplaçant le commutateur ci-dessous. Vous pouvez aussi demander une exclusion des recommandations personnalisées depuis le Profil d’intérêts d’Outbrain, un site Web qui fournit une vue d’ensemble des données qu’Outbrain détient sur vous et peut exploiter pour effectuer ses recommandations.
Exclusion Outbrain sur les applications
Exclusion Outbrain sur les applications. Pour demander l’exclusion des recommandations d’Outbrain dans vos applications mobiles, vous pouvez procéder de la façon suivante :
Appareils iOS : Réglages > Confidentialité > Publicité > Suivi publicitaire limité Appareils Android : Appli Paramètres de Google > Annonces > Désactiver personnalisation des annonces
Veuillez noter qu’une exclusion via notre Profil d’intérêts et/ou la présente Politique de confidentialité ne vous exclura pas du suivi personnalisé sur vos applications. Cette exclusion doit être effectuée à partir des options de réglage de votre appareil.
Options d’exclusion complémentaires.
Vous pouvez également demander votre exclusion de la réception de publicités personnalisées de notre part ou de celle d’autres sociétés publicitaires à l’aide d’outils fournis par le secteur comme la NAI ou des pages basées sur la DAA (DAA, http://www.aboutads.info/choices ; DAAC, www.youradchoices.ca/choices ; et/ou EDAA www.youronlinechoices.eu). En vous rendant sur les pages de choix du consommateur de la NAI, la DAA, la DACC (Alliance de la publicité numérique du Canada) ou de l’EDAA, vous pourrez refuser tout ou partie des services de leurs membres. Comme dans le cas de l’exclusion pour Outbrain, ces retraits ne signifient pas que vous ne recevrez plus aucune publicité, mais les publicités que vous recevrez ne seront plus personnalisées. Vous continuerez à recevoir des publicités, par exemple basées sur le site Web spécifique que vous êtes en train de consulter (à savoir des publicités liées au contexte). Par ailleurs, si vos navigateurs sont configurés pour refuser les cookies quand vous visitez les pages du consommateur de la DAA, de la DAAC ou de l’EDAA, votre exclusion (ou retrait) peut ne pas être effective, car notre système d’exclusion est basé sur les cookies. Informations IMPORTANTES Même si vous avez demandé l’exclusion des recommandations personnalisées d’Outbrain:
Vous continuerez à voir des recommandations Outbrain. Le fait de demander votre exclusion du suivi de personnalisation d’Outbrain ne signifie pas que vous cesserez de recevoir des recommandations d’Outbrain. En revanche, cela signifie que les recommandations d’Outbrain ne seront pas personnalisées (à savoir des recommandations liées au contexte). Votre exclusion des recommandations personnalisées est fondée sur les cookies et est spécifique à un appareil/navigateur. Si vous naviguez sur Internet depuis plusieurs appareils et/ou navigateurs, vous devrez demander l’exclusion pour chaque appareil et/ou navigateur pour garantir que nous bloquons le suivi de personnalisation sur tous les dispositifs. Pour la même raison, si vous achetez un nouvel appareil, changez de navigateurs ou supprimez (ou effacez) le cookie d’exclusion, vous devrez effectuer à nouveau une demande d’exclusion. Demander l’exclusion du suivi de personnalisation n’est pas la même chose que bloquer les cookies. Vous ne devez pas faire de demande d’exclusion à Outbrain pendant au moins 21 jours, car la suppression de votre profil est liée à votre UUID. . Votre demande d’exclusion des recommandations personnalisées d’Outbrain prend effet immédiatement. Cependant, si votre navigateur autorise un stockage local et si vous demandez votre inclusion dans les recommandations personnalisées (par exemple en acceptant une bannière de cookies) dans les 21 jours suivant votre demande d’exclusion, il est possible que votre profil antérieur soit reconnecté à votre UUID. Si vous ne procédez pas à une nouvelle demande d’inclusion dans les 21 jours, votre profil sera supprimé et ne pourra pas être récupéré.
Comme avec la plupart des cookies d’exclusion, l’exclusion dans le navigateur Outbrain s’appuie sur un cookie. Le cookie d’exclusion est conçu pour être persistant afin de respecter les préférences de l’utilisateur. Cependant, la fonctionnalité « Intelligent Tracking Prevention » sous iOS11 peut impacter la persistance des cookies sur les sites Web au-delà de 24 heures. Nous vous conseillons d’utiliser un autre navigateur ou d’envisager de bloquer les cookies tiers depuis le navigateur afin que vous soyez « exclu » sans avoir à vous fier à la méthodologie de réelle exclusion d’une entreprise. Votre espace de stockage local ne sera pas effacé.Même si vous avez demandé l’exclusion des recommandations personnalisées d’Outbrain, votre espace de stockage local ne sera pas effacé automatiquement et vous devrez donc l’effacer au niveau du navigateur en plus de votre exclusion.
Partenaires commerciaux : vous êtes un Partenaire commercial si vous souscrivez (ou échangez des e-mails avec Outbrain) pour le compte de la société dans laquelle vous travaillez aux services Outbrain Amplify ou Outbrain Engage. Cliquez ici pour en savoir plus.
(a) Quelles informations nous collectons et pourquoi Vous êtes susceptible de fournir certaines données à caractère personnel (telles que votre nom et/ou adresse e-mail) quand vous souscrivez aux services Amplify ou Engage, communiquez ou interagissez avec nous d’une autre manière. Si vous demandez à devenir Partenaire, nous sommes susceptibles de vous demander des informations complémentaires sous forme de formulaires de candidature annonceur, d’ordres d’insertion ou autres. De plus, nous collectons automatiquement des informations sur les actions liées à votre nom d’utilisateur dans le tableau de bord Outbrain. Par exemple, si vous modifiez, en tant que Partenaire Amplify, le coût-par-clic d’une de vos campagnes, la piste d’audit d’Outbrain gardera un enregistrement de toutes ces actions.
Nous collectons et traitons les données à caractère personnel ci-dessus afin de remplir nos obligations au titre de notre accord avec un Partenaire (ou Partenaire potentiel) notamment pour :
répondre à vos questions et demandes ; vous donner accès à certaines fonctions et fonctionnalités de nos services Amplify ou Engage (par exemple pour fournir et tenir à jour le compte de votre tableau de bord) ; vérifier votre identité ; et communiquer avec vous sur votre compte, nos produits et les promotions disponibles compte tenu de votre utilisation du service Amplify ou Engage.
(b) Quels cookies et autres technologies similaires nous utilisons
Veuillez consulter cette Table des cookies sous « Partenaires commerciaux » pour obtenir la liste détaillée des cookies propriétaires et tiers (et de leur période de conservation respective) que nous utilisons avec les Partenaires.
(c) Comment nous sommes susceptibles de partager les informations Nous sommes susceptibles de divulguer certaines informations de Partenaires aux prestataires, sous-traitants ou autres qui contribuent à la prestation des services Outbrain (ex. : traitement des cartes de crédit). Veuillez aussi consulter lasection Partage de la présente Politique de confidentialité.
(d) Vos droits Si, en tant que Partenaire, vous souhaitez vérifier, corriger, mettre à jour ou demander la désactivation de vos informations, rendez-vous dans le tableau de bord Outbrain pour modifier vos préférences de profil ou contactez-nous à l’adresse support@outbrain.com. Si vous recevez des e-mails Outbrain, vous pouvez vous « désabonner » en utilisant le lien dans l’e-mail. Veuillez noter que le désabonnement n’exclut pas que vous receviez des notifications importantes pour la fourniture des services Amplify ou Engage (ex. : factures électroniques). (e) Base juridique La base juridique d’Outbrain pour le traitement des données à caractère personnel des Partenaires commerciaux est le contrat.
4. Mesures de sécurité, Transferts hors de l’EEE, Partage et conservation des données
+
Sécurité Transferts des données hors de l’UE/EEE Partage Conservation des données
Sécurité Outbrain dispose d’une équipe de sécurité dédiée. Nous mettons en œuvre des contrôles stricts sur les données que nous collectons, en les conservant dans des bases de données sécurisées et protégées par des pare-feu avec des droits d’accès contrôlés et limités afin de garantir leur sécurité. Veuillez consulter normes de sécurité pour de plus amples informations. Les Partenaires commerciaux ont un accès protégé par un mot de passe à certaines fonctionnalités du service Amplify ou Engage. Les Partenaires commerciaux sont tenus de garder ce mot de passe confidentiel et de veiller au respect de cette règle par leurs salariés et/ou leurs mandataires. N’oubliez pas que la transmission d’informations par Internet n’est malheureusement jamais complètement sécurisée. Une des fraudes classiques sur Internet est connue sous le nom d’usurpation d’identité électronique (« spoofing ») ou hameçonnage (« phishing »). Ceci se produit quand vous recevez un e-mail d’une source apparemment légitime vous demandant de lui fournir des données à caractère personnel. Sachez que nous ne vous enverrons aucun e-mail vous demandant de vérifier un numéro de carte de crédit, des informations bancaires ou autres données à caractère personnel. Si vous recevez un e-mail semblant provenir de nous vous demandant de nous fournir de telles informations, n’y répondez pas et ne cliquez sur aucun lien apparaissant dans ce message électronique. Veuillez plutôt nous transférer l’e-mail à l’adresse legal@outbrain.com, car nous mènerons des enquêtes sur d’éventuelles fraudes sur Internet.
Transferts des données hors de l’UE/EEELorsque nous transférons des données à caractère personnel à partir de l’Espace économique européen (EEE), nous veillons à ce que ces transferts soient conformes aux lois applicables en matière de protection de données, y compris, le cas échéant, aux clauses contractuelles types de l’UE ou à une décision d’adéquation favorable de la Commission européenne en vertu de l’article 25(6) de la Directive 95/46/CE ou de l’article 45 du RGPD. En d’autres termes, vos droits et protections demeurent avec vos données et nous utilisons des clauses contractuelles approuvées et d’autres mesures conçues pour garantir que les destinataires de vos données à caractère personnel les protègent. Outbrain a mis en place les Clauses contractuelles types entre les entités d’Outbrain pour la gouvernance du transfert de données hors de l’EEE. PartageEn complément de la description de la manière dont nous sommes susceptibles de divulguer vos données à caractère personnel pour chaque type d’utilisateur, nous pouvons également divulguer les données à caractère personnel comme suit :Au sein de la famille des sociétés contrôlées par Outbrain pour des raisons internes, particulièrement pour des objectifs liés aux activités et au fonctionnement de l’entreprise ; Si nous faisons face à une évolution de notre entreprise, comme une fusion, l’acquisition d’une autre société ou la vente de tout ou partie de nos actifs, vos données à caractère personnel sont susceptibles de faire partie des actifs transférés ; En cas d’exigences légales le demandant (par exemple pour coopérer dans le cadre d’investigations sur la mise en application de la législation ou autres procédures légales) ; et/ou Pour répondre à une urgence. Par ailleurs, nous combinons vos données à caractère personnel avec celles d’autres utilisateurs afin de partager des informations sur les tendances et de rassembler des statistiques d’utilisation avec des tiers, toujours sous forme agrégée et anonyme.
Conservation des donnéesLa période de conservation pour chacun des cookies utilisés par Outbrain (que ce soit par nous-mêmes ou par des tiers en notre nom) est définie dans la Tables des cookies. Plus particulièrement, le cookie Outbrain (Obuid), qui permet de suivre les actions des utilisateurs telles que les clics, expire trois (3) mois après qu’un utilisateur a visité un site spécifique sur notre réseau. Cependant, ce cookie se réinitialisera si un utilisateur retourne sur le même site ou sur un site différent au sein de notre réseau. De plus, nous ne conservons aucun point de données individuel sur un Utilisateur au-delà de 13 mois. Par exemple, si l’UUID 123 lit un article le 31 décembre 2018, cet article ne fera plus partie du profil de l’UUID 123 au 1er février 2019.Outbrain tient également à jour une Politique de conservation des données qui détaille la période de conservation pour les données à caractère personnel sur la base de notre analyse de la durée raisonnable de conservation nécessaire de données particulières pour des raisons légales ou opérationnelles. Quand nous n’avons plus besoin des données à caractère personnel, nous les supprimons ou les détruisons de manière sécurisée. Les données agrégées, qui ne permettent pas d’identifier un appareil/navigateur (ou un individu) et sont utilisées à des fins de reporting et d’analyse, sont conservées aussi longtemps que commercialement nécessaire.
5. Enfants et Données sensibles
+
Enfants Aucun de nos services n’est destiné intentionnellement à des enfants de moins de 16 ans. Nous ne recueillons pas sciemment de données à caractère personnel auprès d’enfants âgés de moins de 16 ans. Si nous réalisons en cours de collecte qu’un Visiteur des sites, un Utilisateur ou un Partenaire commercial a moins de 16 ans, nous n’utiliserons ni ne conserverons ses données à caractère personnel. Si nous réalisons que nous avons involontairement collecté des données à caractère personnel auprès d’un enfant de moins de 16 ans, nous prendrons alors les mesures raisonnables pour supprimer ces informations de nos registres. Si vous êtes un enfant, allez jouer dans la cour, n’utilisez pas Outbrain, n’interagissez pas avec nous !
Données sensiblesNous ne collectons ni ne recevons aucune catégorie sensible de données à caractère personnel.
6. Visiteurs de Pays européens
+
Conformément à certaines lois sur le respect de la vie privée, en particulier le Règlement général sur la protection des données (RGPD), Outbrain octroie des droits particuliers complémentaires aux individus qui interagissent avec Outbrain, comme le droit d’accès aux données, le droit de rectification, le droit d’opposition, le droit de porter réclamation, le droit à l’effacement et le droit de blocage. Plus particulièrement et sous certaines conditions :
le droit de demander des informations sur l’utilisation ou non de données à caractère personnel par nous, et si oui, lesquelles, et le droit de demander la rectification ou la modification de données à caractère personnel ; le droit de demander la suppression de données à caractère personnel ; le droit de demander la limitation du traitement des données à caractère personnel ; le droit de retirer votre consentement à l’utilisation et au traitement de vos données, intégralement ou partiellement, à tout moment, avec effet futur ; le droit d’obtenir vos données à caractère personnel dans un format classique, structuré et lisible par machine ; la possibilité de contacter notre délégué à la protection des données (« DPO ») pour toute question, commentaire, réclamation ou demande en lien avec notre déclaration sur la protection des données et le traitement de vos données à caractère personnel ; le droit d’introduire une réclamation auprès de l’autorité de contrôle si vous êtes persuadé que le traitement de vos données à caractère personnel constitue une violation de la législation.
En complément des droits ci-dessus, nous référençons certains droits pour les citoyens des pays européens dans cette Politique de confidentialité. Conformément au RGPD, les citoyens des « Pays européens » désignent les citoyens de l’Espace économique européen (EEE), de l’Association européenne de libre-échange (AELE) et de la Suisse. Aux fins de cette Politique de confidentialité, le terme « pays européens » continuera d’inclure le Royaume-Uni, même après son départ de l’Espace économique européen suite au Brexit.
Veuillez adresser un e-mail à l’adresse Privacy@outbrain.com pour toute question relative à l’exercice des droits susmentionnés quels qu’ils soient.
7. Dispositions « Do Not Track » (non-traçage)
+
Certains navigateurs transmettent des signaux refusant le traçage de données (« do not track ») aux sites Web. Outbrain ne procède actuellement à aucune altération, modification ou réponse aux demandes ou signaux de non-traçage de ces navigateurs car il n’existe pas de compréhension commune sur la manière d’interpréter les signaux de non-traçage. Nous continuerons de suivre l’activité du secteur dans ce domaine et réévaluerons nos pratiques de non-traçage si nécessaire. En attendant, vous pouvez utiliser notre gamme d’outils complémentaires pour contrôler la collecte et l’utilisation des données, et qui donnent notamment la possibilité de demander l’exclusion de la réception de recommandations personnalisées (« opt-out ») dans la section Utilisateurs.
8. Les modifications qui pourraient être apportées à cette Politique de confidentialité
+
Nous sommes susceptibles de modifier la présente Politique de confidentialité de manière ponctuelle. Nous afficherons clairement une notification que vous pourrez voir en tant que Visiteur des sites ou Partenaire commercial, mais nous n’avons pas de moyen d’informer les Utilisateurs d’une mise à jour par le biais d’une notification. Vous devez vérifier ici régulièrement si la Politique de confidentialité a été mise à jour, car nous indiquerons toujours la date de la dernière modification de la Politique de confidentialité en haut de la page afin que vous puissiez savoir quand elle a été révisée pour la dernière fois.
Effective April 28, 2021
Download
Politica sulla privacy Outbrain si impegna a proteggere i tuoi dati personali. La presente informativa sulla privacy (“Politica sulla privacy”) disciplina l'utilizzo da parte nostra dei dati che raccogliamo, ivi inclusi tutti i dati personali. I dati personali sono informazioni che si riferiscono a te e possono identificarti come individuo. Utilizziamo i tuoi dati personali in linea con tutte le leggi applicabili. Al fine di garantire il rispetto e l'allineamento con i valori di Outbrain in materia di fiducia e trasparenza, disponiamo di un team di esperti di privacy responsabili dell'implementazione continua del nostro programma di privacy globale.
+ ESPANDI TUTTO – RIDUCI TUTTO
1. Chi siamo, Cosa facciamo, Come puoi contattare Outbrain, il nostro RPD o le autorità competenti
+
Chi siamo: questa politica sulla privacy si applica a Outbrain Inc., un'azienda del Delaware (USA) con sede a New York; e le sue partecipate (collettivamente, “Outbrain,” o “noi”, “ci”, “nostro”). Operiamo da diversi uffici in tutto il mondo e collaboriamo con editori e operatori di mercato in tutto il mondo.
Nota che Zemanta Inc, consociata di Outbrain, ha una politica sulla privacy separata, che può essere consultata qui.
Cosa facciamo:
la mission di Outbrain è quella di fornirti consigli e raccomandazioni interessanti sulla base di quelli che riteniamo essere i tuoi interessi. Per realizzare la nostra mission stipuliamo accordi con:
editori e partner online che desiderano consigliare contenuti pertinenti ai loro lettori (si tratta del servizio Outbrain Engage); inserzionisti che desiderano che i lettori visualizzino i loro contenuti (si tratta del servizio Outbrain Amplify) e partner terzi che ci aiutano a fornire raccomandazioni pertinenti.
Per ulteriori informazioni sui nostri servizi Amplify (inserzionisti) clicca qui mentre per i nostri servizi Engage (editori) clicca qui.
Come contattarci:
Esaminiamo regolarmente la nostra osservanza della presente politica sulla privacy. Domande, commenti e richieste riguardanti la presente politica sulla privacy sono apprezzati e vanno indirizzati a privacy@outbrain.com oppure all'indirizzo postale: Outbrain Inc., 222 Broadway 19th Floor, New York, NY 10038, Attn: Domande sulla privacy.
Qualora Outbrain non risponda in maniera soddisfacente alle tue domande o richieste, puoi altresì contattare i seguenti contatti di riferimento per consigli, supporto o reclami
Il responsabile esterno della protezione dei dati di Outbrain ("DPO"): ePrivacy GmbH, rappresentato dal Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer. ePrivacy GmbH è raggiungibile direttamente presso dpo@outbrain.com ; e/o l'Information Commissioner’s Officer, che è la principale autorità di controllo su Outbrain all'interno dei Territori europei.
2. Alleanze e Adesioni
+
Aderiamo ai principi di autoregolamentazione stabiliti da Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) e da European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). Siamo soci in regola della Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), un'associazione dedicata alla raccolta responsabile di dati e al loro utilizzo per la pubblicità digitale. Aderiamo al Codice di condotta NAI anche per il settore Web e Mobile. Outbrain aderisce altresì ai principi di autoregolamentazione dell'Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) per la pubblicità comportamentale online e al framework di IAB Europa per la pubblicità comportamentale online; e Siamo anche certificati con JICWEBS DTSG Brand Safety qui.
3.
Tipi di utente Outbrain (incluse le opzioni di opt-out)
+
Gran parte della presente politica sulla privacy è suddivisa in sezioni in base alle modalità in cui è possibile interagire con Outbrain. Tu sei o un visitatore del sito oppure un utente e/o un partner commerciale (come definito di seguito). Ti preghiamo di stabilire quale tipo di utente sei, in quanto, per ogni tipo di utente descriviamo i tuoi diritti, quali informazioni raccogliamo e perché, quali cookie e altre tecnologie analoghe utilizziamo e come condividiamo tali informazioni.
Visitatori del sito: sei un visitatore del sito quando visiti e interagisci con i nostri siti web, le nostre pagine web, le funzioni interattive, i blog e i loro rispettivi contenuti disponibili all'indirizzo Outbrain.com (o qualsiasi sua derivazione, come Outbrain.co.uk; Outbrain.fr; outbrain.de, ecc.) (“I nostri siti“). Scopri di più qui.
（a）Quali informazioni raccogliamo e perché Desideriamo capire quali servizi sui nostri siti ti interessano e desideriamo ricordarti i servizi che offriamo quando non sei sui nostri siti. Per farlo, raccogliamo le seguenti informazioni dal tuo dispositivo: (i) indirizzo IP; (ii) dati dell'user agent: tipo di dispositivo (ad es. iPhone), tipo di browser (ad es. Chrome), sistema operativo (ad es. iOS); (iii) le pagine visitate sui nostri siti (ad es. la pagina "Chi siamo" di Outbrain); (iv) l'orario della visita (e il fuso orario corrispondente); nonché (v) le URL di riferimento e altre informazioni normalmente trasmesse nelle richieste HTTP (ad esempio, queste informazioni ci dicono come sei arrivato sui nostri siti).
Inoltre, possiamo anche raccogliere il tuo nome e il tuo indirizzo e-mail se accetti di inviarci i tuoi dati tramite i nostri siti (ad esempio, iscrivendoti alla nostra newsletter).
（b）Quali cookie e altre tecnologie simili utilizziamo Visita questa Tabella dei cookie che viene aggiornata di volta in volta, nella sezione "Visitatori del Sito", per un elenco dettagliato dei cookie proprietari e di terze parti (e dei relativi periodi di conservazione) che possono essere utilizzati quando visiti i nostri siti.
（c） Come possiamo condividere le informazioni
Condivisione delle informazioni che acquisiamo su di te sui nostri siti.
Non vendiamo e/o condividiamo i tuoi dati personali con terzi per finalità di pubblicità o marketing. Possiamo ricorrere a vari terzi (ciascuno elencato nella Tabella dei cookie) affinché ci aiutino a svolgere attività di commercializzazione o pubblicità nei tuoi confronti. Richiediamo a tali parti e società terze di impegnarsi a rispettare tutte le leggi applicabili sulla protezione dei dati, ad acconsentire a mantenere riservate tutte le informazioni condivise con loro e a utilizzare tali informazioni esclusivamente per adempiere ai loro obblighi nei nostri confronti. Lo facciamo stipulando accordi con tutte le terze parti che trattano i dati personali.
Se pubblichi un post sul nostro blog, i tuoi commenti e le tue informazioni saranno disponibili al pubblico. Contatta support@outbrain.com per rimuovere il tuo commento.
Utilizzo di servizi di terzi sui nostri siti.
I nostri siti contengono collegamenti ad altri siti web che non sono di nostra proprietà o gestiti da noi. Non controlliamo, raccomandiamo o approviamo il contenuto, i prodotti, i servizi, le politiche sulla privacy o le pratiche di tali siti web di terzi. Ad esempio, sui nostri siti noterai icone cliccabili che ti condurranno alla pagina Facebook di Outbrain o alla pagina LinkedIn di Outbrain. Se scegli di fare clic su tali collegamenti, devi sapere che questi siti non sono di proprietà o gestiti da Outbrain e che quindi questi siti web di terze parti potrebbero inviare i propri cookie al tuo dispositivo e potrebbero raccogliere dati personali in maniera indipendente. È quindi importante che tu conosca le politiche sulla privacy di questi siti web terzi.
Consulta anche la sezione Condivisione della presente politica sulla privacy.
(d) I tuoi diritti Le nostre Condizioni d’uso disciplinano l'uso dei nostri siti e si applicano a te quando interagisci con i nostri siti. Puoi smettere di usare i nostri siti in qualsiasi momento. Se lo fai, potresti voler rimuovere tutti i cookie che abbiamo inserito su qualsiasi dispositivo utilizzato per accedere ai nostri siti, attraverso il tuo browser. Se durante l'utilizzo dei nostri siti hai fornito il tuo indirizzo e-mail, qualsiasi e-mail che ricevi da Outbrain include un'opzione di "annullamento dell'iscrizione" (unsubscribe). Inoltre, è possibile anche rinunciare al direct marketing inviando un'e-mail a support@outbrain.com.
Per i visitatori del sito nei Territori europei, Outbrain ha implementato una piattaforma di gestione del consenso (gestita da One Trust) sui nostri siti che ti offrono l'opportunità di acconsentire o meno all'uso di cookie e tecnologie di tracciamento (tracking) analoghe. Accedendo ai nostri siti, vedrai un banner al centro della pagina con informazioni sui cookie che utilizziamo. È possibile fare clic sul banner per rifiutare i cookie (ad esempio, i cookie prestazionali o i targeting cookie) fintanto che non siano cookie strettamente necessari (come definiti nella tabella dei cookie). Premendo "Accetto" sul banner si indica il consenso all’utilizzo dei cookie e di tecnologie di tracciamento simili. La base giuridica di Outbrain per il trattamento dei dati personali dei visitatori dei nostri siti appartenenti al territorio europeo è il consenso. Puoi ritirare il tuo consenso in qualsiasi momento Cookies Settings. Per quanto riguarda tutti gli altri visitatori del sito che non si trovano nei territori europei, ci basiamo sul nostro legittimo interesse per il trattamento di qualsiasi dato personale, tuttavia, ciò non preclude ai visitatori del sito non appartenenti ai territori europei la possibilità di ritirare il consenso in qualsiasi momento attraverso la nostra piattaforma di gestione del consenso.
Utenti: sei un utente se visiti una pagina di un sito web o di un'applicazione di uno dei partner di Outbrain nelle quali è installato il widget Outbrain o sono presenti i nostri consigli e raccomandazioni (“Siti partner”). Ad esempio, se visiti https://news.sky.com/uk, www.spiegel.de o www.cnn.com, in quanto il widget Outbrain è implementato su tali siti web. Sai che stai interagendo con un widget Outbrain quando vedi del testo che fa riferimento a Outbrain (ad esempio "Recommended by Outbrain", "by Outbrain" accanto ai consigli). Se fai clic sul riferimento contenente il collegamento ipertestuale a Outbrain, visualizzerai una informativa dettagliata che ti consentirà di raggiungere il portale di interesse di Outbrain e questa politica sulla privacy dove è possibile scegliere di non ricevere raccomandazioni personalizzate. In alcuni casi, un partner può avvalersi dei servizi di Outbrain per la propria offerta. In tal caso, tali partner devono rendere noto il loro uso di Outbrain nelle loro politiche sulla privacy. Scopri di più qui.
Esempio di un widget Outbrain.
(a) Quali informazioni raccogliamo e perché Usiamo UUID, indirizzo IP e altre informazioni di utilizzo in maniera da poter offrire consigli interessanti. I consigli di Outbrain possono essere pagati da un inserzionista che vuole collegarti a un nuovo sito web oppure possono essere organiche, nel qual caso il collegamento rinvia a un'altra pagina sullo stesso sito web del partner
UUID.
Quando, in veste di utente, visiti per la prima volta un sito partner (ad esempio, CNN.com), Outbrain deposita un cookie sul tuo dispositivo al fine di generare un UUID. In alternativa, se interagisci per la prima volta con un partner utilizzando l'applicazione di quel partner, Outbrain riceve un ID inserzionista che ti viene assegnato dal tuo dispositivo. Cataloghiamo e analizziamo i contenuti che consumi attraverso i siti partner. I nostri consigli si basano su: (i) cronologia di navigazione UUID; (ii) modelli di navigazione simili di altri utenti; (iii) consigli che sono in genere popolari presso il pubblico di Outbrain in quel dato momento; (iv) un pizzico di casualità e (v) requisiti di targeting che possono essere forniti o richiesti dai nostri clienti Amplify. Ad esempio, Outbrain potrebbe sapere che l'UUID 123 (che potresti essere tu che tramite il tuo iPhone X stai visitando il sito del Guardian usando Chrome come browser) ama leggere contenuti su destinazioni per le vacanze esotiche e che alle persone che amano leggere contenuti sulle medesime destinazioni di vacanza piace anche leggere di cibi esotici. Quando interagisci con Outbrain non raccogliamo i tradizionali dati personali, come il tuo indirizzo e-mail o il tuo nome, quindi non possiamo associare il tuo nome al tuo UUID (per esempio, non sappiamo che John Smith, che è anche UUID 123, ama leggere sulle destinazioni per le vacanze esotiche).
L'UUID è una sequenza di numeri e/o lettere. L'UUID viene associato al tuo dispositivo e varia in base alla tua combinazione di browser. In altre parole, Outbrain registra un UUID diverso a seconda del dispositivo e/o del browser che utilizzi per accedere ai siti partner. Ad esempio, avrai un UUID quando visiti un sito partner dal tuo telefono cellulare utilizzando Safari come browser e un UUID diverso quando visiti un sito partner dal tuo iPad utilizzando Safari come browser. Outbrain combinerà e consoliderà un UUID da un dispositivo mobile (palmare o tablet) da un browser che accede quindi a un'applicazione (o viceversa) da quel medesimo dispositivo. Outbrain non effettua il tracciamento incrociato dei dispositivi e quindi non può collegare un utente che interagisce con Outbrain sul proprio telefono come lo stesso utente che sta interagendo con Outbrain sul proprio computer.
Indirizzo IP
Oltre al tuo UUID, riconosciamo il tuo indirizzo IP, che traduciamo in termini di geolocalizzazione e cancelliamo l'ultimo ottetto per mascherare le informazioni di identificazione. Utilizziamo quindi queste informazioni mascherate, insieme alle informazioni che abbiamo ricevuto da altri partner terzi di fiducia (come MaxMind) per ottenere una comprensione a grandi linee del luogo in cui ti trovi (ad esempio, New York). Outbrain riconoscerà comunque il tuo indirizzo IP anche se rinunci al tracciamento personalizzato, in quanto ciò è necessario per continuare a fornirti raccomandazioni e consigli basati sul contesto, tuttavia, in tali casi il tuo indirizzo IP non è associato al tuo UUID e non farebbe parte di alcun profilo utente.
Altre informazioni sul trattamento
Oltre all'UUID e all'indirizzo IP, raccogliamo le seguenti informazioni su di te via (a) pc o dispositivo mobile: (i) dati dell'user agent: tipo di dispositivo (ad es. iPhone), tipo di browser (ad es. Chrome), sistema operativo (ad es. iOS); (ii) le pagine visitate; (iii) l'orario della visita; e (iv) gli URL di riferimento e altre informazioni normalmente trasmesse nelle richieste HTTP. Le informazioni statistiche di cui sopra ci forniscono informazioni su quanti utenti hanno visitato una specifica pagina dei nostri siti partner su cui è installato il widget Outbrain, su quanto tempo ogni utente è rimasto su quella pagina, sul tipo di contenuto di quella pagina su cui ha cliccato e su come si è generalmente comportato su quella pagina; e (b) sulle applicazioni (i) versioni dell'applicazione (come appare in App Store o Play Store); (ii) ID dell'applicazione o nome del pacchetto (come appare in App Store o Play Store); (iii) sistema operativo (ad es. IOS o Android); (iv) versione del sistema operativo; e (v) modello del dispositivo (ad es. iPhone X). Queste informazioni sono considerate dati personali se Outbrain le associa a un UUID.
Poiché Outbrain non ha un rapporto diretto con gli utenti che interagiscono con i siti partner, Outbrain si affida ai suoi partner per determinare le basi legali su cui Outbrain può trattare i dati personali. Ogni sito partner si basa su
(b) Quali cookie e altre tecnologie simili utilizziamo
Cookie Outbrain Pixel Outbrain Pixel di terzi Cookie Outbrain
Visita questa Tabella dei cookie nella sezione "Utenti" per un elenco dettagliato dei cookie proprietari che utilizziamo quando interagisci con i siti partner nei quali è implementata la tecnologia Outbrain.
Pixel Outbrain
Oltre al widget Outbrain visibile sui siti partner, alcuni inserzionisti di Outbrain possono implementare il pixel Outbrain sui loro siti web. Il pixel Outbrain determina se l'utente che raggiunge la pagina nella quale è installato dispone di un UUID Outbrain, al fine di fornire un resoconto agli inserzionisti in relazione alla loro particolare campagna. Se a tale utente finale è associato un UUID, Outbrain consente agli inserzionisti di riorientare (re-targeting) tali UUID e/o di fornire agli inserzionisti il numero totale di utenti (su base aggregata e anonima) che hanno raggiunto una determinata pagina (ad esempio, un inserzionista non sa che l'UUID1234 è stato convertito, ma solo che è stata effettuata 1 conversione). Outbrain non trasmette ai suoi inserzionisti alcun dato personale (incluso il tuo UUID) e non raccoglie ulteriori dati personali tramite il pixel. Outbrain non combina le informazioni ricevute dalle informazioni dei pixel di Outbrain con il profilo di un UUID (ad esempio, Outbrain tiene traccia solo del fatto che 1 conversione è avvenuta e non che l'UUID123 è stato convertito quando ha raggiunto la pagina scelta dall'inserzionista). Richiediamo agli inserzionisti di rendere noto l'utilizzo di pixel Outbrain sui propri siti web.
Outbrain può anche consentire ad alcuni partner terzi di fiducia di raccogliere dati tramite i cookie forniti attraverso il widget di Outbrain. In tali casi, Outbrain non trasmette a questi terzi i dati che Outbrain raccoglie sui suoi utenti, ma consente a tali terzi di raccogliere direttamente i dati (inclusi i dati personali) attraverso il widget per scopi di difesa dalle frodi e/o per sicurezza o per fornire informazioni di misurazione agli inserzionisti (come il numero di conversioni e/o impronte). Qualsiasi raccolta di questo tipo sarà regolata dalle norme sulla privacy di terzi.
Pixel di terzi
Se fai clic su un collegamento verso uno dei nostri consigli, l'inserzionista che sponsorizza tale consiglio può installare cookie (o cookie di terze parti che agiscono per conto dell'inserzionista) sul tuo dispositivo o tramite dei reindirizzamenti prima che tu giunga alla pagina di destinazione dei consigli o nel momento in cui raggiungi la pagina di destinazione. Tali cookie servono a fornire delle analisi all'inserzionista per quanto riguarda la sua campagna (ad esempio, per vedere quanti utenti hanno visto la campagna). Richiediamo ai nostri inserzionisti di rendere noto l'uso di pixel e/o cookie di terze parti agli utenti finali attraverso il loro sito web. Poiché questi cookie e/o pixel sono aggiunti a sola discrezione dei nostri inserzionisti, sarai soggetto all'informativa sulla privacy di tale inserzionista.
(c) Come possiamo condividere le informazioni
I nostri partner
Outbrain non condivide e/o vende interi profili utente con terzi. Tuttavia, possiamo condividere alcuni elementi di un profilo utente (ad esempio, UUID) con i seguenti partner, tra cui:
Partner di sicurezza del marchio, di analisi e di lotta alle frodi; Piattaforme lato domanda (DSP) e lato offerta (SSP);
Scambi di pubblicità e/o reti; e Piattaforme di gestione della domanda.
Si prega di cliccare qui per visionare una lista di alcuni dei nostri partner di fiducia.
Inoltre, possiamo raccogliere e/o condividere alcuni dati personali con partner di fiducia in virtù della partecipazione alla OpenRTB. Molti di questi partner sono registrati come IAB TCF Global Vendor e possono essere trovati qui.
(d) I tuoi diritti
Opzioni di opt-out da Outbrain su pc e dispositivi mobili
Opzioni di opt-out da Outbrain su pc e dispositivi mobili. È possibile rifiutare di ricevere i consigli personalizzati di Outbrain (o, se si è scelto di non riceverli e si desidera tornare indietro) in qualsiasi momento, indicandolo qui sotto. Puoi anche rinunciare ai consigli personalizzati tramite il Profilo di interesse sul sito web di Outbrain, che fornisce una visualizzazione generale dei dati che Outbrain conosce su di te e che può utilizzare per formulare i suoi consigli.
Opzioni di opt-out da Outbrain sulle app
Opzioni di opt-out da Outbrain sulle app. Per escludere i consigli di Outbrain sulle tue applicazioni mobili, puoi seguire i seguenti passi:
dispositivi iOS: Impostazioni > Privacy > Pubblicità > Limita raccolta dati Dispositivi Android: Google Impostazioni App > Annunci > Disattivazione degli annunci basati sugli interessi
Si prega di notare che un opt-out tramite il nostro profilo di interesse e/o la presente Politica sulla privacy non ti escluderà dal tracciamento personalizzato delle tue applicazioni. Questo opt-out deve essere effettuato tramite le impostazioni del dispositivo.
Ulteriori opzioni di rinuncia (opt-out).
Ulteriori opzioni di rinuncia (opt-out). Puoi anche esprimere la tua rinuncia a ricevere annunci personalizzati offerti da noi o da altre agenzie pubblicitarie attraverso strumenti messi a disposizione da NAI o le varie pagine basate su DAA (DAA, http://www.aboutads.info/choices; DAAC, www.youradchoices.ca/choices, e/o EDAA www.youronlinechoices.eu). Visitare le pagine delle scelte dei consumatori di NAI, DAA, DAAC o EDAA ti consente di rinunciare a tutti o parte dei servizi dei membri partecipanti. Come la funzione di opt-out di Outbrain, queste rinunce non fanno sì che non riceverai più alcuna pubblicità, semplicemente gli annunci pubblicitari non saranno personalizzati per te. Continuerai a ricevere annunci pubblicitari, ad esempio, in base al sito web specifico che stai visualizzando (ossia annunci basati sul contesto). Inoltre, se i tuoi browser sono configurati per rifiutare i cookie quando visiti le pagine delle scelte dei consumatori DAA, DAAC o EDAA, la tua rinuncia potrebbe non essere efficace, in quanto il nostro opt-out è basato sui cookie. Informazioni IMPORTANTI Anche se hai scelto di non ricevere i consigli personalizzati di Outbrain:
Continuerai a visualizzare i consigli di Outbrain.La disattivazione del tracking per la personalizzazione di Outbrain non significa che non riceverai più consigli da Outbrain. Piuttosto significa che i consigli di Outbrain non saranno personalizzati (cioè saranno raccomandazioni basate sul contesto). La tua rinuncia (opt-out) è basata su cookie ed è specifica del dispositivo/browser. Se navighi sul web da dispositivi e/o browser diversi, dovrai esprimere la rinuncia da ciascun dispositivo e/o browser per assicurarti di impedire il tracking per la personalizzazione su ciascuno di loro. Per lo stesso motivo, se acquisti un nuovo dispositivo, cambi browser o cancelli (o annulli) il cookie di rinuncia, dovrai esprimere nuovamente tale rinuncia. Rinunciare al tracking per la personalizzazione non equivale a bloccare i cookie. Non devi eseguire l’opt-in di Outbrain per almeno 21 giorni in quanto la cancellazione del tuo profilo è legata al tuo UUID. . La tua rinuncia ai consigli personalizzati di Outbrain è efficace immediatamente. Tuttavia, se il tuo browser consente l'archiviazione locale e attivi consigli personalizzati di Outbrain (ad esempio accettando un banner cookie) entro 21 giorni dalla rinuncia, è possibile che il tuo profilo precedente venga riconnesso al tuo UUID. Se non effettui l'attivazione opt-in entro 21 giorni, il profilo verrà eliminato e non potrà essere ripristinato.
Come per la maggior parte dei cookie di opt-out, il browser Outbrain si basa su un cookie. Il cookie opt-out è destinato ad essere persistente per applicare le preferenze dell'utente. Tuttavia, la funzione "Intelligent Tracking Prevention" di iOS11 può avere un impatto sulla persistenza dei cookie nei siti web in una finestra di 24 ore. Suggeriamo di utilizzare un altro browser o di considerare la possibilità di bloccare tutti i cookie di terze parti dal browser in modo da essere "opt out" senza doversi affidare alla metodologia di opt out di qualsiasi azienda. La tua memoria locale non verrà svuotata.Anche se hai scelto di non seguire i consigli personalizzati di Outbrain, la tua memoria locale non verrà cancellata automaticamente e quindi, oltre all'opt-out, dovrai cancellarla a livello di browser.
Partner commerciali: sei un Partner commerciale quando ti registri (o invii un'e-mail a Outbrain) per conto dell'azienda per la quale lavori per utilizzare i servizi Outbrain Amplify o Outbrain Engage. Scopri di più qui.
(a)
Quali informazioni raccogliamo e perché Puoi fornire determinati dati personali (quali ad esempio il tuo nome e/o l’indirizzo e-mail) quando ti registri per i servizi Amplify o Engage o altrimenti quando comunichi o interagisci con noi. Se presenti domanda per diventare un Partner commerciale, potremmo richiederti ulteriori informazioni tramite moduli di domanda dell'inserzionista, ordini di inserzione e altri moduli. Inoltre, raccogliamo automaticamente informazioni in merito alle azioni del tuo nome utente nel cruscotto (dashboard) Outbrain. Ad esempio, in qualità di Partner commerciale Amplify, se modifichi il costo per clic per una delle tue campagne, la traccia di controllo di Outbrain registrerà tutte queste azioni.
Raccogliamo e trattiamo i dati personali di cui sopra al fine di adempiere ai nostri obblighi ai sensi del nostro accordo come Partner commerciale (o potenziale Partner commerciale) stipulato con voi, ivi incluso per:
rispondere alle tue domande e richieste; fornirti accesso a determinate funzioni e caratteristiche dei nostri servizi Amplify o Engage (ad esempio per fornirti e mantenere il tuo account dashboard); verificare la tua identità; e comunicare con te in merito al tuo account, ai nostri prodotti e alle promozioni disponibili pertinenti al tuo utilizzo del servizio Amplify o Engage.
(b) Quali cookie e altre tecnologie simili utilizziamo
Ti rimandiamo a questa Tabella dei cookie nella sezione "Partner commerciali" per un elenco dettagliato dei cookie proprietari e di terze parti (e dei relativi periodi di conservazione) che utilizziamo con i Partner commerciali.
(c) Come possiamo condividere le informazioni con chiunque Potremmo divulgare determinate informazioni dei Partner commerciali a venditori, contraenti o altri soggetti che assistono Outbrain nell'erogazione dei servizi (ad es. trattamento delle carte di credito). Consulta anche lasezione Condivisione della presente politica sulla privacy.
(d) I tuoi diritti Se in veste di Partner commerciale desideri verificare, correggere, aggiornare o richiedere la disattivazione delle tue informazioni, puoi accedere al cruscotto (dashboard) Outbrain per modificare le preferenze del tuo profilo oppure contattarci all'indirizzo: support@outbrain.com. Se stai ricevendo e-mail di Outbrain, puoi "annullare l'iscrizione" a tale invio utilizzando un collegamento presente nell'e-mail. Nota che l'annullamento dell'iscrizione non comporta la rinuncia a ricevere notifiche rilevanti per l'erogazione dei servizi Amplify o Engage (ad es. fatture inviate via e-mail). (e) Base giuridica La base giuridica di Outbrain per il trattamento dei dati personali dei Partner commerciali è contrattuale.
4. Misure di sicurezza, trasferimenti al di fuori dello SEE, condivisione e conservazione dei dati
+
Sicurezza Trasferimento dei dati al di fuori dell'UE/dello SEE Condivisione Conservazione dei dati
Sicurezza Outbrain dispone di un team dedicato per la sicurezza. Manteniamo rigorosi controlli sui dati personali che raccogliamo, conservandoli in database protetti e soggetti a firewall con diritti di accesso rigorosamente limitati e controllati, per garantirne la sicurezza. Consulta le nostrenorme sulla sicurezza per maggiori informazioni. I partner commerciali hanno accesso a determinate funzionalità protette da password del servizio Amplify o Engage. I partner commerciali hanno la responsabilità di mantenere riservata questa password e di garantire lo stesso per loro dipendenti e/o ai loro agenti. Ricorda che, sfortunatamente, la trasmissione di informazioni tramite Internet non è mai completamente sicura. Una truffa comune su Internet è nota come "spoofing" o "phishing" e si verifica quando ricevi un'email proveniente da quella che sembra essere una fonte legittima che richiede i tuoi dati personali. Ti preghiamo di osservare che non ti invieremo alcuna e-mail che ti chieda di verificare la carta di credito, le coordinate bancarie o eventuali altri dati personali. Qualora dovessi ricevere un'e-mail che sembra provenire da noi e ti chiede tali informazioni ti preghiamo di non rispondere e non fare clic su nessun link presente nell'e-mail. Al contrario, inoltraci l'e-mail all'indirizzo legal@outbrain.com, in quanto esamineremo possibili casi di frode su Internet.
Trasferimento dei dati al di fuori dell'UE/dello SEEQuando trasferiamo dati personali dallo Spazio Economico Europeo (SEE), ci assicureremo che tali trasferimenti siano conformi alle leggi sulla protezione dei dati, incluse, se applicabile, le clausole contrattuali standard dell'UE o una decisione di adeguatezza positiva della Commissione Europea ai sensi dell'articolo 25(6) della Direttiva 95/46/CE o dell'articolo 45 del GDPR. In altre parole, i tuoi diritti e le tue protezioni rimangono con i tuoi dati e utilizziamo clausole contrattuali approvate e altre misure studiate per garantire che i destinatari dei tuoi dati personali li proteggano. Outbrain ha posto in vigore le Clausole contrattuali standard tra le entità di Outbrain per disciplinare il trasferimento dei dati al di fuori dello SEE. CondivisioneOltre alla descrizione di come possiamo divulgare i tuoi dati personali per ciascun tipo di utente, possiamo altresì divulgare dati personali nei seguenti casi:all'interno della famiglia di società controllate da Outbrain per ragioni interne, principalmente per scopi aziendali e operativi; qualora dovessimo attraversare una transizione aziendale, quale una fusione, un'acquisizione da parte di un'altra società oppure una vendita di tutte o di parte delle nostre attività, i tuoi dati personali saranno probabilmente inclusi tra le attività trasferite; laddove ciò sia richiesto dalla legge (ad esempio, per collaborare con indagini delle forze dell'ordine oppure con altri procedimenti giudiziari); e/o per rispondere a un'emergenza effettiva Inoltre, combiniamo i tuoi dati personali con quelli di altri utenti al fine di condividere informazioni sulle tendenze e aggregare le statistiche degli utenti con terze parti, sempre in forma aggregata e anonimizzata.
DConservazione dei datiIl periodo di conservazione per ciascuno dei cookie utilizzati da Outbrain (sia per i nostri sia per quelli usati da terzi per nostro conto) è indicato nella Tabella dei cookie. Più specificamente, il cookie Outbrain (Obuid), che viene utilizzato per monitorare le azioni degli utenti come i clic, scade tre (3) mesi dopo che un utente ha visitato un particolare sito all'interno della nostra rete, tuttavia, questo cookie si resetta se un utente ritorna allo stesso sito o a un sito diverso all'interno della nostra rete. Inoltre, non conserviamo alcun data point individuale su un utente per più di 13 mesi. Ad esempio, se l'UUID 123 legge un articolo il 31 dicembre 2018, il 1° febbraio 2019 quell'articolo non farà più parte del profilo dell'UUID 123. Outbrain mantiene altresì una politica di conservazione dei dati che dettaglia il periodo di conservazione dei dati personali in base alla nostra analisi della durata ragionevolmente necessaria di tale conservazione, rispetto a dati specifici, tenuto conto delle finalità legali o commerciali. Nel momento in cui non necessitiamo più dei dati personali, li cancelliamo o li distruggiamo in maniera sicura. I dati aggregati, che non consentono di identificare un dispositivo/browser (o una singola persona) e sono utilizzati per finalità di reporting e analisi vengono conservati per tutto il tempo necessario dal punto di vista commerciale.
5. Bambini e dati sensibili
+
Minori Nessuno dei nostri servizi si rivolge intenzionalmente a minori di 16 anni. Non raccogliamo consapevolmente dati personali da minori di 16 anni. Se al momento della raccolta dovessimo stabilire che un Visitatore del sito, un Utente o un Partner commerciale ha meno di 16 anni, non useremo né conserveremo i suoi dati personali. Qualora dovessimo venire a conoscenza del fatto che abbiamo raccolto inconsapevolmente dati personali da un minore di età inferiore ai 16 anni, attueremo ogni ragionevole sforzo per eliminare tali informazioni dai nostri archivi. Se sei un bambino, vai a giocare in giardino, non usare o interagire con Outbrain!
Dati sensibiliNon raccogliamo o riceviamo categorie di dati personali sensibili.
6. Visitatori dei territori europei
+
In conformità con le leggi in materia di tutela della vita privata (privacy), in particolare con il regolamento generale europeo sulla protezione dei dati (GDPR), Outbrain riconosce specifici diritti aggiuntivi alle persone che interagiscono con Outbrain quali il diritto di accesso, di rettifica, di opposizione, di reclamo, di cancellazione e di blocco. Più specificamente e in determinate circostanze:
il diritto di richiedere informazioni sull'eventualità del trattamento in atto e su quali dati personali siano trattati da noi, nonché il diritto di richiedere la rettifica o la modifica di tali dati personali. il diritto di richiedere che i dati personali siano cancellati. il diritto di chiedere che il trattamento dei dati personali sia soggetto a limitazioni. il diritto alla revoca del proprio consenso al trattamento e all'utilizzo dei propri dati, in tutto o in parte, in qualsiasi momento con applicazione per il futuro. il diritto di ottenere i propri dati personali in un formato comune, strutturato e leggibile da un dispositivo automatico. il diritto di contattare il nostro responsabile della protezione dei dati nel caso in cui vi siano domande, commenti, reclami o richieste in relazione alla nostra dichiarazione sulla protezione dei dati e sul trattamento dei dati personali. il diritto di sporgere reclamo presso l'autorità di controllo responsabile qualora si ritenga che il trattamento dei propri dati personali avvenga in violazione della legislazione.
In aggiunta a quanto sopra, facciamo riferimento a determinati diritti per i cittadini dei Territori europei nel corso della presente politica sulla privacy. Ai sensi del GDPR, con il termine cittadini dei "Territori europei" si intendono i cittadini dello Spazio economico europeo (SEE), dell’Associazione europea di libero scambio (EFTA) e della Svizzera. Ai fini della presente Informativa sulla privacy, il termine "Territori europei" continuerà a includere il Regno Unito, anche dopo che il Regno Unito avrà lasciato lo Spazio economico europeo in seguito alla Brexit.
Si prega di inviare un'e-mail aPrivacy@outbrain.com con eventuali domande sull'esercizio dei diritti di cui sopra.
7. Comunicazione antitracciamento (“Do Not Track”)
+
Alcuni browser trasmettono segnali antitracciamento, denominati "Do Not Track" (DNT), ai siti web. Poiché non esiste una comprensione comune su come interpretare il segnale DNT, al momento Outbrain non altera, modifica o risponde alle richieste o ai segnali DNT di tali browser. Continueremo a monitorare l'attività del settore in questo contesto e rivaluteremo le nostre pratiche DNT se necessario. Nel frattempo, puoi utilizzare la gamma di altri strumenti che mettiamo a disposizione per controllare la raccolta e l'utilizzo dei dati, ivi inclusa la capacità di rinunciare a ricevere consigli personalizzati consultando la sezione Utenti.
8. Come può variare la presente politica sulla privacy
+
Occasionalmente potremmo modificare la presente politica sulla privacy. Inseriremo un avviso in evidenza che ti sarà visibile in qualità di Visitatore del sito o Partner commerciale, tuttavia non disponiamo di mezzi per avvertire gli Utenti in merito a un aggiornamento a titolo di preavviso. Si consiglia di controllare periodicamente per vedere se la Politica sulla privacy è stata aggiornata, in quanto pubblicheremo sempre la data dell'ultima modifica della politica sulla privacy nella parte in alto della pagina affinché tu possa sapere quando è stata rivista l'ultima volta.
Effective April 28, 2021
Download
プライバシー・ポリシー アウトブレインはお客様の個人データを大切に保護します。このプライバシー・ポリシー（以下「プライバシー・ポリシー」といいます。）は、アウトブレインが収集する全ての個人データを含む情報の利用方法を定めるものです。個人データとは、お客様に関わる情報であって、個人を特定できる情報をいいます。アウトブレインは、お客様の個人データを利用するに際しては、適用されるすべての法令を遵守します。グローバルプライバシープログラムを継続的に実施するプライバシーチャンピオンのチームのもと、信頼と透明性というアウトブレインの価値を守っていきます。 - 全て閉じる + EXPAND ALL – COLLAPSE ALL
1. アウトブレインについて、アウトブレインのミッション、アウトブレイン・アウトブレインのDPO・関係部署へのご連絡
+
アウトブレインについて このプライバシー・ポリシーは、ニューヨークに本社を置く米国デラウェア州の法人Outbrain Inc.と、その関連子会社（以下、総称して「アウトブレイン」又は「当社」といいます。）に適用されます。当社は世界各地で事業を展開しており、世界中のパブリッシャーやマーケターと提携関係を結んでいます。 当社の子会社であるZemanta Inc.には、別のプライバシー・ポリシーがあります（詳しくはこちら）。 アウトブレインのミッション当社のミッションは、お客様の興味関心に基づいて、レコメンデーションを提供することです。そのため、以下のパートナーと提携関係を結んでいます。
関連するコンテンツを読者に勧めることを希望するオンラインパブリッシャー及びパートナー（関連する契約をOutbrain Engageといいます。） コンテンツを読者に配信することを希望するアドバタイザー（関連する契約をOutbrain Amplifyといいます。） 関連するレコメンデーションの提供に寄与するサードパーティパートナー
Amplify（アドバタイザー）サービスの詳細についてはこちら、Engage（パブリッシャー）サービスについてはこちらをご覧ください。 ご連絡先 アウトブレインは、プライバシー・ポリシーを遵守していることを定期的に確認しています。プライバシー・ポリシーに関する質問、コメント及びご要望は、メール（privacy@outbrain.com）又は郵送（Outbrain Inc., 222 Broadway 19th Floor, New York, NY 10038, Attn: Privacy Questions.）によりお寄せください。 もし十分な回答が得られない場合、次の窓口にご連絡いただくことができます。
外部のData Protection Officer（以下、「DPO」といいます。）：ePrivacy GmbH 担当者：Christoph Bauer博士 ePrivacy GmbHに連絡する場合、dpo@outbrain.com宛に直接ご連絡ください。」 アウトブレインを監督する欧州のInformation Commissioner’s Office
2. アライアンスと遵守
+
当社は、Digital Advertising Alliance （DAA）及びEuropean Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance （EDAA）が定める自主規制原則を遵守します。 当社は、データ収集及びデジタル広告の使用を担当する団体であるNetwork Advertising Initiative （NAI）の会員です。また、「WebとモバイルのためのNAI行動規範」を遵守しています。アウトブレインはまた、オンライン行動広告のための対話型広告局（IAB）の自己規制原則、及びIAB欧州OBAフレームワークを遵守しています。 JICWEBS DTSG Brand Safetyによる認証は、こちらから確認できます。
3. アウトブレインのユーザータイプ（オプトアウトを含む）
+
このプライバシー・ポリシーは、お客様がアウトブレインに提供する情報の提供方法に基づいてセクションに分けられています。お客様は、サイト訪問者、ユーザー又はビジネスパートナー（以下に定義します）のいずれに該当するか、ご確認ください。ユーザータイプごとに、当社が収集する情報とその理由、当社が使用するクッキーやその他の類似技術、当社がそのような情報をどのように共有するか、及びお客様の権利について説明しています。
サイト訪問者：Outbrain.com （又はOutbrain.co.uk、Outbrain.fr、outbrain.de等）（以下、「当社サイト」といいます。） において、ウェブサイト、ウェブページ、インタラクティブ機能、ブログ、及びこれらの内容にアクセスする場合、サイト訪問者に該当します。詳しくはこちらをご覧ください。詳しくは こちらへ。
（a）情報収集の方法と理由 当社は、当社のサイトでどのようなサービスがお客様の興味を引くかを理解したいと考えており、また、お客様が当社サイトにアクセスしていないときに、当社が提供するサービスについてお客様にご覧いただきたいと考えています。このため、当社はお客様のデバイスから以下の情報を収集します。（i） IPアドレス、（ii）ユーザーエージェントデータ：デバイスの種類（iPhone等）、ブラウザの種類（Chrome等）、オペレーティングシステム（iOS等）、（iii）当社サイトで訪問したページ（アウトブレインの「会社概要」ページ等）、（iv）訪問時間（及び対応するタイムゾーン）、（v）参照URL及びHTTPリクエストで通常送信されるその他の情報（お客様が当社サイトにどのようにたどり着いたかを伝える情報等）。 さらに、お客様が当社サイトを介して、当社にお客様の詳細な情報を送信することに同意した場合（当社のニュースレターを受信するためにサインアップする等）、当社は、お客様の名前と電子メールアドレスを収集することがあります。
（b） 使用するクッキーその他の類似技術 お客様が当社サイトを訪問した際に使用される可能性のあるファーストパーティ及びサードパーティのクッキー（及びそれに対応する保持期間）の詳細なリストについては、随時更新されるクッキーテーブルの「サイト訪問者」の項目をご覧ください。
（c） 情報共有の方法
当社が当社サイトで取得したお客様の情報の共有 当社は、マーケティングや広告の目的で、お客様の個人情報をサードパーティに共有したり、販売したりすることはありません。当社は、お客様へのマーケティングや広告を行うために、様々なサードパーティ（クッキーテーブルに記載されています）を利用することがあります。当社は、これらのサードパーティや企業が、適用されるすべてのデータ保護法を遵守し、当社から共有されるすべての情報を秘密にし、当社に対する義務を履行するためにのみ情報を使用することに同意することを要求します。当社は、これを、個人データを処理するすべてのサードパーティとの間で契約を締結することにより行います。 当社のブログへのコメントについては、その内容と情報が公開されます。コメントを削除したい場合、support@outbrain.comまでご連絡ください。 当社サイトでのサードパーティサービスの利用当社サイトには、当社が所有又は運営していないウェブサイトへのリンクが含まれています。当社は、これらのサードパーティのウェブサイトのコンテンツ、製品、サービス、プライバシー・ポリシー又は運用を管理、推奨又は保証していません。例えば、当社サイトでは、当社のFacebookページやLinkedInページに移動するクリック可能なアイコンが表示されています。これらのリンクをクリックする場合、これらのサイトは当社が所有又は運営しているわけではないため、サードパーティのウェブサイトは独自のクッキーをお客様のデバイスに送信し、独自に個人データを収集する可能性があります。したがって、サードパーティのウェブサイトのプライバシー・ポリシーをよく理解しておくことが重要です。 プライバシー・ポリシーの「共有」の項目も参照してください。
(d) お客様の権利 当社の利用規約は、お客様による当社サイトの利用を規定し、お客様が当社サイトにアクセスする際に適用されます。お客様はいつでも当社サイトの使用を停止することができます。その場合、当社サイトへのアクセスに使用されたデバイスから、当社が送信したクッキーを削除することもできます。当社サイトの利用中にお客様がメールアドレスを提供した場合、当社から送信するメールには、「配信停止」のオプションが含まれています。さらに、お客様は、support@outbrain.comにメールを送信することで、ダイレクトマーケティングをオプトアウトすることもできます。
欧州地域のサイト訪問者のために、当社は、当社サイトに同意管理プラットフォーム（One Trustが提供）を実装しており、クッキー及び類似のトラッキング技術に同意するかどうかを決める機会を提供しています。当社サイトにアクセスすると、ページの中央に当社が使用するクッキーに関する情報が記載されたバナーが表示されます。このバナーをクリックすると、不可欠なクッキーではない（クッキーテーブルに定義されています）クッキーをオプトアウトすることができます（例えば、パフォーマンスクッキーやターゲティングクッキー）。バナーの「同意する」を押すことで、クッキーや類似のトラッキング技術を受け入れたことになります。当社が、当社サイト上で欧州地域のサイト訪問者の個人データを処理するための合法的な根拠は、Cookies Settings.。お客様はいつでも同意を撤回することができます。欧州地域以外のサイト訪問者に関しては、当社は個人データを処理するための正当な利益に依拠していますが、欧州地域以外のサイト訪問者が、当社の同意管理プラットフォームを通じて、同意を撤回することは妨げられません。
ユーザー：当社のウィジェットがインストールされている、又は当社のリコメンデーションが配置されている当社のパートナーのウェブサイト又はアプリケーション（以下「パートナーサイト」といいます。）のページにアクセスする場合、ユーザーに該当します。例えばhttps://news.sky.com/uk, www.spiegel.de, www.cnn.comといったサイトにアクセスした場合、当社のウィジェットはこれらのウェブサイトに実装されます。当社を参照している旨のテキスト（レコメンデーションの周辺の「Recommended by Outbrain」、「by Outbrain」等）が表示されることにより、当社のウィジェットが実装されていることを知ることができます。当社へのハイパーリンクをクリックすると、詳細な通知が表示され、当社のインタレストポータル及びプライバシー・ポリシーに移動し、パーソナライズされたリコメンデーションをオプトアウトすることができます。場合によっては、パートナーが自社のサービスのためにアウトブレインのサービスをホワイトラベル化している場合があります。そのような場合、パートナーは、プライバシー・ポリシーで当社の使用を開示しなければなりません。詳しくはこちらをご覧ください。詳しくは こちらへ。
当社のウィジェットの例
(a) 情報収集の内容と理由 当社は、UUID、IPアドレスその他の使用情報を使用して、興味関心に沿ったレコメンデーションを提供することができます。当社のレコメンデーションは、新しいウェブサイトにリンクしているアドバタイザーによって支払われている場合や、同じパートナーサイトの別のページにリンクするようなオーガニックなものである場合があります。
UUID.
ユーザーが初めてパートナーサイト（CNN.com等）にアクセスする時、UUIDを生成するために、当社はユーザーのデバイスにクッキーを送信します。また、パートナーのアプリケーションを使用して初めてパートナーにアクセスする場合、当社は、お客様のデバイスによって割り当てられたアドバタイザーIDを受け取ります。アウトブレインは、お客様がパートナーサイトで消費したコンテンツをカタログ化し、分析します。当社のレコメンデーションは、（i）UUIDの閲覧履歴、（ii）他のユーザーの類似の閲覧パターン、（iii）現時点でアウトブレインのユーザーから一般的に人気のあるレコメンデーション、（iv）多少のランダム性、（v）当社のAmplifyクライアントが提供又は要求する可能性のあるターゲティング要件に基づいています。一例として、UUID 123（例えば、Chromeブラウザを使用してiPhone XでThe Guardianを閲覧する人）は、遠く離れた避暑地についての記事を読むことが好きで、遠く離れた避暑地について読むことが好きな人は、エキゾチックな食べ物についての記事を読むことも好きだということを、当社は知ることができます。当社では、お客様が当社とやりとりする際に、メールアドレスや氏名等のいわゆる伝統的な個人情報を収集することはありませんので、お客様の氏名とUUIDを関連付けることはできません（例えば、John Smith がUUID 123であり、遠く離れた避暑地について読むことが好きだということはわかりません）。
UUIDは数字や文字の羅列です。このUUIDはデバイスに付加しており、ブラウザの組合せによって変化します。言い換えれば、当社は、パートナーサイトにアクセスする際に使用するデバイスやブラウザによって異なるUUIDを記録します。例えば、携帯電話からSafariブラウザを使用してパートナーサイトにアクセスした場合に1つのUUIDが、iPadからSafariブラウザを使用してパートナーサイトにアクセスした場合は別のUUIDが記録されます。当社は、ある携帯デバイス（携帯電話又はタブレット）でブラウザからアプリケーションにアクセスした場合（又はその逆）に、同じデバイスからアプリケーションにアクセスした場合のUUIDを組み合わせて統合します。私たちはクロスデバイストラッキングを行っておらず、携帯電話から私たちを使用しているユーザーを、デスクトップから私たちを使用している同じユーザーにリンクすることはできません。
IPアドレス
お客様のUUIDに加えて、当社ではお客様のIPアドレスを認識しています。その後、この隠された情報を、他の信頼できるサードパーティのパートナー（MaxMind等）から受け取った情報と組み合わせて使用し、お客様がどこにいるのか（ニューヨーク等）を幅広く把握します。当社は、お客様がパーソナルトラッキングをオプトアウトした場合であっても、お客様のIPアドレスを認識します。これは、お客様にコンテキストベースのレコメンデーションを提供し続けるために必要な措置です。
その他の利用情報
当社は、お客様のUUIDとIPアドレスに加えて、次の情報を収集します。（a） デスクトップ及びモバイルウェブ上では、（i） ユーザーエージェントデータ：デバイスの種類（iPhone等）、ブラウザの種類（クローム等）、オペレーティングシステム（iOS等）、（ii）訪問したページ、（iii）訪問時間、（iv）参照URL及びHTTPリクエストで通常送信されるその他の情報。こうした統計的情報は、当社のウィジェットがインストールされているパートナーサイトの特定のページに何人のユーザーが訪問したか、各ユーザーがそのページに滞在した時間、クリックしたそのページのコンテンツの種類、及び一般的にどのようにそのページに関与したかについて、情報を提供するものです。（b）アプリケーション状では、（i）アプリケーションのバージョン（App Store又はPlay Storeに表示されているもの）、（ii）アプリケーションID又はパッケージ名（App Store又はPlay Storeに表示されているもの）、（iii）オペレーティングシステム（IOS又はAndroid等）、（iii）オペレーティングシステムのバージョン、（iv） デバイスのモデル（iPhone X等）。 当社がUUIDと関連付ける場合、これらの情報は個人データとみなされます。当社は、パートナーサイトにアクセスするユーザーと直接関係を持っていないため、当社が個人データを処理することができる合法的な根拠の判断は、パートナーに依拠しています。各パートナーサイトは以下のいずれかに依拠しています。
(b) 使用するクッキーその他の類似技術
アウトブレインのクッキー アウトブレインのピクセル サードパーティのピクセル アウトブレインのクッキーアウトブレインのテクノロジーが実装されているパートナーサイトにアクセスする際に使用する、ファーストパーティのクッキーの詳細については、 クッキーテーブル under “Users” の「ユーザー」の項目を参照してください。 アウトブレインのピクセルパートナーサイトに表示される当社の可視ウィジェットに加えて、特定の当社のアドバタイザーは、自社のウェブサイトに当社のピクセルを実装することができます。当社のピクセルは、特定のキャンペーンに関するレポートをアドバタイザーに提供するために、ピクセルが設置されたページに到達したユーザーが当社のUUIDを持っているかどうかを判断します。そのようなエンドユーザーに関連付けられたUUIDがある場合、当社は、アドバタイザーがそのUUIDをリターゲティングしたり、特定のページに到達したユーザーの総数（集計後の匿名ベース）をアドバタイザーに提供したりすることができます（例えば、アドバタイザーはUUID1234がコンバージョンしたことはわかりませんが、コンバージョンが1回発生したことは知ることができます）。当社は、アドバタイザーに個人データ（お客様のUUIDを含む）を渡したり、ピクセルを介して個人データを収集したりすることはありません。当社は、当社のピクセルから得られた情報をUUIDのプロファイルと組み合わせることはありません（例えば、当社は、UUID123がアドバタイザーが選択したページに到達した際、1つのコンバージョンが行われたことだけを追跡し、UUID123がコンバージョンしたことは追跡しません）。当社は、アドバタイザーに対して、自社のウェブサイトでの当社のピクセルの使用状況を開示するよう求めます当社はまた、特定の信頼できるサードパーティのパートナーに、当社ウィジェットを通じて配信されるクッキーを介してデータを収集することを許可する場合があります。この場合、アウトブレインは、アウトブレインがユーザーについて収集したデータをこうしたサードパーティに渡すことはありませんが、不正行為防止やセキュリティ保護の目的で、又はアドバタイザーに測定情報（コンバージョン数やインプレッション数等）を提供するために、ウィジェットを介して直接、データ（個人データを含む）を収集することをサードパーティに許可しています。このような収集には、サードパーティのプライバシー・ポリシーが適用されます. サードパーティのピクセルお客様が当社のレコメンデーションへのリンクをクリックした場合、レコメンデーションのスポンサーとなっているアドバタイザーは、レコメンデーションの目的ページに到着する前、又は目的ページに到達した時点で、リダイレクトを通じて、お客様のデバイスにクッキー（又はアドバタイザーに代わって行動するサードパーティのクッキー）を置くことがあります。このようなクッキーは、アドバタイザーのキャンペーンに関する分析を、アドバタイザーに提供するために置かれます（例えば、アドバタイザーのキャンペーンを閲覧したユーザーの数を確認するため等）。当社は、アドバタイザーに対し、サードパーティのピクセルやクッキーの使用を、そのウェブサイトを介してエンドユーザーに開示するよう求めています。これらのクッキーやピクセルは、当社のアドバタイザーの独自の裁量で追加されるため、お客様はそのアドバタイザーのプライバシーに関する通知やプライバシー・ポリシーに従うことになります
(c) 情報共有の方法
パートナー当社は、ユーザーのプロファイル全体をサードパーティと共有したり、販売したりすることはありません。ただし、ユーザーのプロファイルの特定の要素（例えば、UUID）を以下のパートナーと共有することがあります。
ブランドセーフティ、ブランド分析、ブランド詐欺防止に関するパートナー デマンドサイドプラットフォーム（DSP）及びサプライサイドプラットフォーム（SSP） アドエクスチェンジやアドネットワーク デマンドマネジメントプラットフォーム
信頼できるパートナーのリストはこちらをご覧ください。加えて、当社は、OpenRTBに参加することにより、信頼できるパートナーと共に個人データを収集したり、共有したりすることがあります。これらのパートナーの多くは、IAB TCFグローバル・ベンダーとして登録されています。詳しくはこちらをご覧ください。
(d) お客様の権利
デスクトップ及びモバイルウェブ上でのアウトブレインのオプトアウト
デスクトップ及びモバイルウェブ上でのアウトブレインのオプトアウト お客様は、以下のボタンを操作することにより、いつで当社のパーソナルレコメンデーションをオプトアウトすることができます（また、オプトアウトした後に再度登録することもできます）。また、当社のInterestプロファイルは、当社がお客様について知っているデータの一般的な可視化を提供するウェブサイトであり、お客様は、当社のInterestプロファイルを介してパーソナルレコメンデーションをオプトアウトすることができます。
アプリケーション上でのアプトブレインのオプトアウト
アプリケーション上でのアプトブレインのオプトアウト モバイルアプリケーション上でアウトブレインのオプトアウトを行うには、以下の手順に従ってください。
iOSデバイス：設定＞プライバシー＞広告＞追跡型広告を制限 Androidデバイス：Google設定アプリ＞広告＞興味ベースの広告のオプトアウト
当社のInterestプロファイルやプライバシー・ポリシーを介してオプトアウトした場合、お客様のアプリケーションにおけるパーソナルトラッキングはオプトアウトされませんのでご注意ください。このオプトアウトは、お客様のデバイスの設定で行う必要があります。
追加のオプトアウトオプション.
追加のオプトアウトオプション Yまた、NAIやDAAベースの各種ページ（DAA http://www.aboutads.info/choices、DAAC www.youradchoices.ca/choices、EDAA www.youronlinechoices.eu）等のツールを介して、当社や他の広告会社が提供するパーソナライズされた広告の受信をオプトアウトすることもできます。NAI、DAA、DAAC又はEDAAの利用者用選択ページにアクセスし、参加しているサービスの一部又は全部をオプトアウトすることができます。当社のオプトアウトとは異なり、これらのオプトアウトは、お客様が広告を受け取らなくなることを意味するものではありません。例えば、お客様が閲覧している特定のウェブサイトに基づいた広告（コンテクストベースの広告）は引き続き表示されます。また、DAA、DAAC、EDAAの消費者選択ページにアクセスした際、ブラウザがクッキーをオプトアウトするように設定されている場合、当社のオプトアウトはクッキーに基づいているため、お客様のオプトアウトが有効とならない可能性があります。 重要な情報 当社のパーソナルレコメンデーションをオプトアウトした場合であっても、
アウトブレインのレコメンデーションは表示されます。アウトブレインのパーソナルトラッキングをオプトアウトしたからといって、アウトブレインからのレコメンデーションを受け取れなくなるわけではありません。その代わり、アウトブレインのレコメンデーションはパーソナライズされません（すなわち、コンテキストに基づいたレコメンデーションとなります）。 お客様のオプトアウトは、クッキーに基づいたデバイス／ブラウザ固有のものとなります。 お客様が複数のデバイスやブラウザからウェブを閲覧する場合、各デバイスやブラウザからオプトアウトする必要があります。同じ理由で、新しいデバイスを購入したり、ブラウザを変更したり、オプトアウトクッキーを削除（又はクリア）したりした場合も、再度オプトアウトする必要があります。パーソナライゼーショントラッキングをオプトアウトすることは、クッキーをブロックすることと同じではありません。 プロファイルの削除はお客様のUUIDに関連付けられているため、少なくとも21日間はアウトブレインにオプトインしないでください。. 当社のパーソナルレコメンデーションからのオプトアウトは直ちに有効となります。ただし、ご利用のブラウザがローカルストレージを許可しており、オプトアウトから21日以内に、当社のパーソナルレコメンデーションにオプトインした場合（例えば、クッキーバナーを受け入れる等）、以前のプロファイルがお客様のUUIDに再接続される可能性があります。21日以内にオプトインしなければ、お客様のプロファイルは復元されない形で削除されます。 ほとんどのオプトアウトクッキーと同様に、当社のブラウザのオプトアウトはクッキーに依存しています。オプトアウトクッキーは、ユーザーの好みを尊重するために永続的であることが意図されています。しかし、iOS11の「インテリジェントトラッキング防止」機能は、24時間後のウェブサイト全体のクッキーの永続性に影響を与える可能性があります。別のブラウザを使用するか、ブラウザからすべてのサードパーティのクッキーをブロックすることで、企業ごとのオプトアウト方法に頼ることなく、「オプトアウト」されることをお勧めします。 お客様のローカルストレージはクリアされません。当社のパーソナルレコメンデーションをオプトアウトしても、ローカルストレージは自動的にクリアされないため、オプトアウトに加えてブラウザレベルでクリアを行う必要があります。
ビジネスパートナー：Amplify又はEngageサービスを使用するため、会社を代表して登録する（又は当社にメールを送る）場合、ビジネスパートナーに該当します。詳しくはこちらをご覧ください。詳しくは こちらへ。
(a) 情報収集の方法と理由 お客様は、Amplify又はEngageサービスに登録する際、又は当社との通信その他のやりとりをする際、特定の個人データ（氏名やメールアドレス等）を提供することがあります。お客様がビジネスパートナーになることを申請する場合、当社はアドバタイザー申請書、記入申込書その他の様式を通じて、お客様に追加情報を依頼することがあります。また、アウトブレインのダッシュボードにおいて、お客様のユーザー名により行われた行動に関する情報は、自動的に収集されます。例えば、Amplifyビジネスパートナーとして、お客様がキャンペーンのクリック単価を変更した場合、当社の監査記録にこうしたアクションの全ての記録が残ります。
当社は、お客様とのビジネスパートナー（又は将来のビジネスパートナー）としての契約に基づく義務として、以下に掲げる業務を遂行するため、上記の個人データを収集し、処理します。
お客様からのご質問やご要望への回答 当社のAmplify又はEngageサービスの特定の機能や、機能へのアクセスのお客様への提供（例：お客様のダッシュボードアカウントの提供・維持） 本人確認 お客様のアカウント、当社の製品、及びお客様によるAmplify又はEngageサービスのご利用に関連する利用可能なプロモーションについて、お客様とやり取りを行うこと
(b) 使用するクッキーその他の類似技術
当社がビジネスパートナーとの間で使用するファーストパーティ及びサードパーティのクッキー（及びそれに対応する保持期間）の詳細なリストについては、クッキーテーブルの「ビジネスパートナー」の項目をご覧ください。
(c) 情報共有の方法 当社は、特定のビジネスパートナー情報を、ベンダー、委託先、又はサービスの提供（クレジットカードの処理等）により当社を支援するその他の者に開示することがあります。また、プライバシー・ポリシーの「共有」のセクションもご参照ください。
(d) お客様の権利 ビジネスパートナーとして、自身の情報の確認、修正、更新、削除を希望する場合は、当社のダッシュボードにアクセスしてプロファイルの設定を編集するか、support@outbrain.comまでご連絡ください。当社からのメールを受信している場合は、メールに記載されているリンクを使用して「配信停止」を行うことができます。配信停止は、Amplify又はEngageサービスの提供に不可欠な通知（電子請求書等）をオプトアウトするものではありません。 (e) 法的根拠 当社がビジネスパートナーの個人データを処理する合法的な根拠は、契約です。
4. セキュリティ、EEA外への移転、共有及びデータ保持
+
セキュリティ EU / EEA外へのデータ転送 共有 データの保持
セキュリティ アウトブレインには専門のセキュリティチームがあります。当社が収集した個人データを厳重に管理し、ファイアウォールで保護されたデータベースに保管し、アクセス権を厳密に制限して管理し、安全性を確保しています。詳細については、当社の セキュリティ基準 をご覧ください。 ビジネスパートナーは、Amplify又はEngageサービスの特定のパスワードで保護された機能に、アクセスすることができます。ビジネスパートナーは、このパスワードの機密性を保持し、従業員やその代理人が同様に機密性を保持するよう確保する責任があります。残念ながら、インターネットを介した情報伝達は完全に安全ではないことに留意する必要があります。よくあるインターネット詐欺に「なりすまし」や「フィッシング」があります。これは、合法的にみえる情報源から、個人情報を要求するメールを受信した場合に発生します。当社は、クレジットカードや銀行情報、その他の個人情報の確認を要求するメールを送信することはありませんので、ご注意ください。当社からと思われる電子メールで、こうした個人情報を要求するものを受け取った場合は、返信をせず、電子メール内のリンクをクリックしないようにしてください。インターネット詐欺の可能性がある場合は、当社で調査を行いますので、 legal@outbrain.com, までメールをご転送ください。
EU / EEA外へのデータ転送当社が欧州経済領域（EEA）から個人データを転送する場合、当社は、該当する場合、EU標準契約条項、欧州委員会の十分性認定（指令95/46/EC第25条6項又はGDPR第45条によるもの）を含む、関連するデータ保護法を遵守していることを確認します。言い換えれば、お客様の権利と保護はお客様のデータとともにあり、当社は、お客様の個人データの受信者がデータを確実に保護するように設計され、承認された契約条項その他の手段を使用しています。アウトブレインは、EEA域外へのデータ転送を管理するために、アウトブレインの事業体間の標準契約条項を定めています。 共有当社は、ユーザーの種類ごとに規定されるお客様の個人情報の開示方法に加えて、以下のとおり個人情報を開示することがあります。アウトブレインが管理する企業グループ内における内部的な理由（主として事業及び業務上の目的）のために、個人情報が開示されることがあります。 合併、他社による買収、又は当社資産の全部又は一部の売却等、当社が企業組織の再編を行う場合、お客様の個人情報は譲渡される資産の中に含まれる可能性が高いです。 法的に要求された場合（法執行機関の調査やその他の法的手続に協力する場合等）は、個人情報が開示されることがあります。 非常に緊急の事態に対応するため、個人情報が開示されることがあります。 また、お客様の個人情報は、他のユーザーの個人情報と組み合わせて、傾向情報やユーザー統計を集計してサードパーティと共有するために、常に匿名で集計されています。
データの保持アウトブレインが使用するクッキー（当社独自のものであるか、サードパーティによる代行であるかを問いません）の保存期間は、 クッキーテーブル. に記載されています。具体的には、クリック等のユーザーの行動を追跡するために使用される当社のクッキー（Obuid）は、ユーザーが当社ネットワーク内の特定のサイトを訪問してから3ヶ月後に、有効期限が到来しますが、ユーザーが同じサイトに戻ったり、当社ネットワーク内の別のサイトに戻ったりした場合、このクッキーはリセットされます。また、当社はユーザーの個々のデータポイントを13ヶ月以上保持することはありません。例えば、UUID 123が2018年12月31日に記事を読んだ場合、2019年2月1日には、その記事はUUID 123のプロファイルの一部ではなくなります。当社はまた、特定のデータが法的に又は事業目的のために合理的に必要とされる期間を分析した上で、個人データの保持期間を詳細に定めたデータ保持ポリシーを維持しています。個人データを必要としなくなった場合は、安全に削除又は破棄します。集計データのうち、デバイスやブラウザ（又は個人）を特定できず、レポートや分析の目的で使用されるものは、商業的に必要な限り維持されます。
5. 未成年者及び機微なデータ
+
未成年者 当社のサービスは、16歳未満の未成年者を意図的に対象としたものではありません。当社は、16歳未満の方から意図して個人データを収集することはありません。サイト訪問者、ユーザー、又はビジネスパートナーが16歳未満であることが個人データの収集時に判明した場合、当社は、その人の個人データを使用したり、維持したりすることはありません。当社が意図せずに16歳未満の方から個人データを収集していることに気づいた場合、当社は、そのような情報を記録から削除するための合理的な努力を行います。もしあなたが子供である場合、アウトブレインを使用するよりも庭で遊びましょう！
機微なデータ当社は、個人データのうち、機微なカテゴリーのものを収集したり、受け取ったりすることはありません。
6. 欧州地域の訪問者
+
特定の個人情報保護法、特にEU一般データ保護規則（GDPR）に基づき、当社は、当社にアクセスする個人に対して、アクセス、訂正、異議申立て、苦情、削除、ブロックといった特定の追加的権利を提供しています。より具体的には、以下が該当します。
個人データが当社によって処理されているかどうか、どの個人データが処理されているかについて情報を要求する権利及び個人データの修正や訂正を要求する権利 個人データの削除を要求する権利 個人データの処理を制限することを要求する権利 個人データの処理と使用に対する同意を完全に又は部分的に撤回することを申請する権利 個人データを、一般的に整理された機械的に読み取り可能な形式で入手する権利 個人情報保護及び個人情報の処理に関する当社の声明に関連して、ご質問、ご意見、苦情、ご要望がある場合、当社のDPOに連絡する権利 個人データの処理が法律に違反していると思われる場合には、責任ある監督当局に違反を申し出る権利
上記に加えて、プライバシー・ポリシーでは、欧州地域の住民のための特定の権利が参照されます。GDPRに従い、「欧州地域」とは、欧州経済領域（EEA）、欧州自由貿易地域（EFTA）、スイスを意味します。プライバシー・ポリシーにおいて、「欧州地域」という用語には、英国がEUから離脱した後も、英国を含むものとします。
上記の権利の行使に関するご質問は、Privacy@outbrain.comまでメールでお問い合わせください。
7. 「Do Not Track」の開示
+
一部のブラウザは、ウェブサイトにDo Not Track（DNT）信号を送信します。DNT信号をどのように解釈するかについての共通の理解は未だ確立していないため、当社は現在、これらのブラウザからのDNT要求や信号に対応していません。当社は、今後もこの分野における業界の活動を注視し、必要に応じて当社のDNTに関する運用を見直していきます。その間、お客様は、ユーザーセクションのパーソナルレコメンデーションの受信をオプトアウトする機能を含む、データの収集と使用を制御するために当社が提供する様々なツールを使用することができます。
8. プライバシー・ポリシーの更新
+
当社は、このプライバシー・ポリシーを随時変更することができます。当社は、サイト訪問者やビジネスパートナーの目に触れるよう、プライバシー・ポリシーを目立つ場所に掲載しますが、当社は、お客様に対し個別に更新を通知する方法を有していません。プライバシー・ポリシーが更新されたかどうかは、定期的にこちらをチェックして確認してください。
Effective April 28, 2021
Download
Privacybeleid Outbrain zet zich in voor de bescherming van uw persoonsgegevens. Dit privacybeleid ("Privacybeleid") regelt het gebruik van de door ons verzamelde gegevens door Outbrain, met inbegrip van alle persoonsgegevens. Persoonsgegevens zijn informatie die betrekking heeft op u en die u kan identificeren als individu. Wij gebruiken uw persoonsgegevens in overeenstemming met alle toepasselijke wetten. Om de naleving te garanderen en om aan te sluiten bij de waarden van Outbrain op het gebied van vertrouwen en transparantie, hebben we een team van privacyvoorvechters die verantwoordelijk zijn voor de voortdurende implementatie van ons wereldwijde privacyprogramma.
+ EXPAND ALL – COLLAPSE ALL
1. Wie we zijn, Wat we doen, Hoe u contact kunt opnemen met Outbrain, onze gegevensbeschermingsfunctionaris of de relevante autoriteiten
+
Wie we zijn: Dit privacybeleid is van toepassing op Outbrain Inc., een onderneming uit Delaware, VS, met hoofdkantoor in New York; en haar gelieerde dochterondernemingen (gezamenlijk, "Outbrain," of "wij", "ons", "onze"). We zijn actief in verschillende kantoren in de hele wereld en we werken samen met uitgevers en marketeers over de hele wereld.
Dochteronderneming Zemanta Inc van Outbrain heeft een apart Privacybeleid, dat hier kan worden gevonden.
Wat we doen: De missie van Outbrain is om u interessante aanbevelingen te doen op basis van wat volgens ons uw interesses zijn. Om onze missie te bereiken sluiten we overeenkomsten met:
online uitgevers en partners die relevante inhoud aan hun lezers willen aanbevelen (dit is Outbrain Engage); adverteerders die willen dat de lezers hun content bekijken (dit is Outbrain Amplify); en externe partners die ons helpen relevante aanbevelingen te doen.
Zie hier voor meer informatie over onze Amplify-diensten (voor adverteerders) en hier voor onze Engage-diensten (voor uitgevers).
Hoe u contact met ons kunt opnemen:
Wij controleren regelmatig onze naleving van dit Privacybeleid. Vragen, opmerkingen en verzoeken met betrekking tot dit Privacybeleid zijn welkom en dienen in eerste instantie te worden gericht aan privacy@outbrain.com of per post aan Outbrain Inc., 222 Broadway 19th Floor, New York, NY 10038, Attn: Privacy Questions.
Als Outbrain uw vragen of zorgen niet naar tevredenheid beantwoordt, kunt u voor advies, ondersteuning of klachten ook contact opnemen met:
de externe gegevensbeschermingsfunctionaris ("DPO" van Outbrain: ePrivacy GmbH, vertegenwoordigd door Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer. ePrivacy GmbH is rechtstreeks te bereiken op dpo@outbrain.com ; en/of de Information Commissioner’s Officer, die de belangrijkste toezichthoudende dienst is voor Outbrain binnen de Europese gebieden.
2. Allianties en naleving
+
Wij leven de zelfreguleringsprincipes na die zijn opgesteld door de Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) en de European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA); Wij zijn lid van het Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), een vereniging die zich inzet voor het verantwoord verzamelen van gegevens en het gebruik ervan voor digitale reclame. We houden ons ook aan de Code of Conduct for Web and Mobile van het NAI. Outbrain leeft ook de Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising van het Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) na, alsmede het IAB Europe OBA Framework; en We zijn ook hier JICWEBS DTSG Brand Safety Certified.
3.
Types Outbrain-gebruikers (inclusief opt-outopties)
+
Een groot deel van dit Privacybeleid is onderverdeeld in secties op basis van de manier waarop u met Outbrain kunt communiceren. U bent een Bezoeker van de site, een Gebruiker en/of een Business Partner (zoals hieronder gedefinieerd). Bepaal welk type gebruiker u bent. Voor elk type gebruiker hebben we uitgelegd welke informatie we verzamelen en waarom, welke cookies en andere soortgelijke technologieën we gebruiken, hoe we deze informatie delen en wat uw rechten zijn.
Bezoekers van de site: U bent een Bezoeker van de site wanneer u onze websites, webpagina's, interactieve functies, blogs en hun respectievelijke inhoud op Outbrain.com (of een afgeleide daarvan, zoals Outbrain.co.uk; Outbrain.fr; outbrain.de etc.) ("Onze sites") bezoekt en er interactie mee hebt . Kijk hier voor meer informatie.
（a）Welke informatie we verzamelen en waarom We willen begrijpen welke diensten op Onze sites u interesseren en we willen u herinneren aan de diensten die we aanbieden wanneer u niet op Onze sites bent. Om dit te doen, verzamelen we de volgende informatie van uw apparaat: (i) IP-adres; (ii) User Agent-gegevens: apparaattype (bijv. iPhone), browsertype (bijv. Chrome), besturingssysteem (bijv. iOS); (iii) de pagina's die u op Onze sites bezoekt (bijv. de "About"-pagina van Outbrain); (iv) het tijdstip van het bezoek (en de bijbehorende tijdzone); en (v) verwijzende URL's en andere informatie die normaal gesproken in HTTP-verzoeken wordt verzonden (bijv. informatie die ons vertelt hoe u op Onze sites bent terechtgekomen).
Daarnaast kunnen wij ook uw naam en e-mailadres verzamelen als u ermee akkoord gaat dat uw gegevens via Onze sites naar ons worden verzonden (bijvoorbeeld door u aan te melden voor onze nieuwsbrief).
（b）Welke cookies en andere soortgelijke technologieën we gebruiken Zie deze Cookietabel, die van tijd tot tijd wordt bijgewerkt, onder de sectie "Bezoekers van de site" voor een gedetailleerde lijst met eigen en externe cookies (en de bijbehorende bewaartermijnen) die kunnen worden gebruikt wanneer u Onze sites bezoekt.
（c） Hoe we informatie kunnen delen
Delen van informatie die we over u verzamelen op Onze sites.
Wij verkopen en/of delen geen persoonsgegevens over u met derden voor marketing- of reclamedoeleinden van derden.
Wij maken mogelijk gebruik van verschillende derden (elk vermeld in de Cookietabel) die ons kunnen helpen bij het marketen of adverteren aan u.
Wij verplichten deze derde partijen en bedrijven om zich te houden aan alle toepasselijke wetten op het gebied van gegevensbescherming, alle informatie die met hen wordt gedeeld vertrouwelijk te houden en de informatie alleen te gebruiken om hun verplichtingen jegens ons na te komen. Dit doen we door overeenkomsten te sluiten met alle derden die persoonsgegevens verwerken.
Als u een bericht plaatst op onze blog, is uw commentaar en informatie openbaar. Neem contact op met support@outbrain.com als u uw commentaar wilt verwijderen.
Gebruiken van diensten van derden op Onze sites.
Onze sites bevatten links naar andere websites die wij niet bezitten of exploiteren. Wij hebben geen controle over de inhoud, de producten, de diensten, het privacybeleid of de praktijken van deze websites van derden, noch bevelen wij deze aan, noch onderschrijven wij deze. Op Onze sites ziet u bijvoorbeeld klikbare pictogrammen die u naar de Outbrain-pagina op Facebook of de Outbrain-pagina op LinkedIn brengen. Als u ervoor kiest om op deze links te klikken, moet u weten dat deze sites geen eigendom zijn van Outbrain of worden beheerd door Outbrain en dat deze websites van derden daarom hun eigen cookies naar uw apparaat kunnen sturen en onafhankelijk van ons persoonsgegevens kunnen verzamelen. Het is daarom belangrijk dat u zich vertrouwd maakt met het privacybeleid van deze websites van derden.
Zie ook de sectie Delen van dit Privacybeleid.
(d) Uw rechten Onze Gebruiksvoorwaarden regelen uw gebruik van Onze sites en zijn op u van toepassing wanneer u communiceert met Onze sites. U kunt op elk moment stoppen met het gebruik van Onze sites. Als u dat doet, kunt u ook de cookies verwijderen die we hebben geplaatst op elk apparaat dat u hebt gebruikt om toegang te krijgen tot Onze sites. U kunt dit doen via uw browser. Als u tijdens het gebruik van Onze sites uw e-mailadres hebt opgegeven, bevat elke e-mail die u van Outbrain ontvangt de optie "unsubscribe" (afmelden). Daarnaast kunt u zich ook afmelden (opt-out) voor direct marketing door een e-mail te sturen naar support@outbrain.com.
Voor Bezoekers van de site in de Europese gebieden heeft Outbrain een platform voor toestemmingsbeheer (ondersteund door One Trust) op Onze sites geïmplementeerd, dat u de mogelijkheid biedt om al dan niet toestemming te geven voor cookies en soortgelijke traceertechnologieën. Bij toegang tot Onze sites ziet u midden op de pagina een banner met informatie over de cookies die wij gebruiken. U kunt op de banner klikken om alle cookies te weigeren (bijvoorbeeld prestatiecookies of targeting cookies) die niet strikt noodzakelijk zijn (zoals gedefinieerd in de cookietabel). Door op "I Accept" (Accepteren) op de banner te drukken geeft u aan dat u cookies en soortgelijke traceertechnologieën accepteert. De wettelijke grondslag van Outbrain voor het verwerken van persoonsgegevens van Bezoekers van de site uit de Europees gebieden op Onze Sites is toestemming U kunt uw toestemming te allen tijde intrekken Cookies Settings. Met betrekking tot alle andere Bezoekers van de site die zich niet in Europese gebieden bevinden, vertrouwen wij op ons legitieme belang voor de verwerking van persoonsgegevens, maar dit sluit niet uit dat Bezoekers van de site vanuit niet-Europese gebieden hun toestemming te allen tijde kunnen intrekken via ons platform voor toestemmingsbeheer.
Gebruikers: U bent een Gebruiker wanneer u een pagina van een website of een app van een van de partners van Outbrain bezoekt waarop of waarin de Outbrain-widget is geïnstalleerd of onze aanbevelingen zijn geplaatst ("Partnersites"). Als u bijvoorbeeld https://news.sky.com/uk, www.spiegel.de of www.cnn.com bezoekt, is de Outbrain-widget op die websites geïmplementeerd. U weet dat u een Outbrain-widget gebruikt wanneer u tekst ziet die verwijst naar Outbrain (bijvoorbeeld "Recommended by Outbrain", "by Outbrain" in de buurt van aanbevelingen). Als u op de hyperlink naar Outbrain klikt, ziet u een gedetailleerde kennisgeving die u in staat stelt om naar het Interest Portal van Outbrain en dit Privacybeleid te navigeren, waar u zich kunt afmelden voor gepersonaliseerde aanbevelingen. In sommige gevallen kan een partner een white-label Outbrain-service hebben voor zijn eigen aanbod. In een dergelijk geval moeten deze partners hun gebruik van Outbrain bekendmaken in hun privacybeleid. Kijk hier voor meer informatie.
Voorbeeld van een Outbrain-widget.
(a) Welke informatie we verzamelen en waarom We gebruiken UUID's, IP-adressen en andere Gebruiksinformatie zodat we interessante aanbevelingen kunnen doen. De aanbevelingen van Outbrain kunnen worden betaald door een adverteerder die u naar een nieuwe website linkt, of ze kunnen organisch zijn, zodat de link verwijst naar een andere pagina op dezelfde Partnersite.
UUID.
Wanneer u als Gebruiker voor het eerst een Partnersite (bijv. CNN.com) bezoekt, laat Outbrain een cookie op uw apparaat achter om een UUID te genereren. Als u voor het eerst met een Partner communiceert via de app van die Partner, ontvangt Outbrain uw adverteerders-ID die door uw apparaat aan u is toegewezen. Wij catalogiseren en analyseren de content die u gebruikt op de verschillende Partnersites. Onze aanbevelingen zijn gebaseerd op: (i) de browsegeschiedenis van een UUID; (ii) vergelijkbare browsepatronen van andere Gebruikers; (iii) aanbevelingen die in het algemeen op dit moment populair zijn bij het publiek van Outbrain; (iv) enige willekeurigheid, en (v) targetingeisen die door onze Amplify-klanten kunnen worden geleverd of gevraagd. Outbrain kan bijvoorbeeld weten dat UUID 123 (dat zou u kunnen zijn op uw iPhone X die met Chrome als uw browser The Guardian bezoekt) graag leest over verre vakantiebestemmingen en dat mensen die graag over verre vakantiebestemmingen lezen ook graag lezen over exotisch eten. Als u contact hebt met Outbrain, verzamelen we geen traditionele persoonsgegevens van u, zoals uw e-mailadres of naam, dus we kunnen uw naam niet koppelen aan uw UUID (we weten bijvoorbeeld niet dat Jan de Vries, die ook UUID 123 is, graag leest over verre vakantiebestemmingen).
De UUID is een reeks cijfers en/of letters. Deze UUID koppelt zichzelf aan uw apparaat en varieert afhankelijk van uw browsercombinatie. Met andere woorden: Outbrain registreert verschillende UUID's afhankelijk van welk apparaat en/of welke browser u gebruikt bij het bezoeken van de Partnersites. U hebt bijvoorbeeld een bepaalde UUID wanneer u een Partnersite met de browser Safari vanaf uw mobiele telefoon bezoekt, en een andere UUID wanneer u een Partnersite met de browser Safari vanaf uw iPad bezoekt. Outbrain combineert en consolideert een UUID uit een mobiel apparaat (handheld of tablet) vanuit een browser die vervolgens een app bezoekt (of omgekeerd) vanaf datzelfde apparaat. Outbrain voert geen cross-devicetracking uit en kan daarom een gebruiker die op zijn telefoon communiceert met Outbrain niet koppelen aan dezelfde gebruiker die op zijn pc communiceert met Outbrain.
IP-adres
Naast uw UUID herkennen we uw IP-adres, dat we vertalen naar uw geolocatie, waarbij we het laatste octet verwijderen om de identificerende informatie te maskeren. We gebruiken deze gemaskeerde informatie vervolgens in combinatie met informatie die we hebben ontvangen van andere vertrouwde derde partijen (zoals MaxMind) om een globaal inzicht te krijgen in waar u zich bevindt (bijvoorbeeld in New York). Outbrain herkent uw IP-adres ook als u zich afmeldt voor gepersonaliseerde tracking, omdat dit nodig is om u te kunnen blijven voorzien van contextgebaseerde aanbevelingen. In dergelijke gevallen wordt uw IP-adres echter niet gekoppeld aan uw UUID en maakt het geen deel uit van gebruikersprofielen.
Andere Gebruiksinformatie
Naast uw UUID en IP-adres verzamelen we ook de volgende informatie van u op (a) desktop en mobiel internet: (i) User Agent-gegevens: apparaattype (bijv. iPhone), browsertype (bijv. Chrome), besturingssysteem (bijv. iOS); (ii) de bezochte pagina's; (iii) het tijdstip van het bezoek; en (iv) verwijzende URL's en andere informatie die normaal gesproken in HTTP-verzoeken wordt verzonden.De bovenstaande statistische informatie geeft ons informatie over hoeveel Gebruikers een specifieke pagina op onze Partnersites hebben bezocht waarop de Outbrain-widget is geïnstalleerd, hoe lang elke Gebruiker op die pagina is gebleven, het type inhoud op die pagina waarop hij heeft geklikt en hoe hij zich over het algemeen met die pagina heeft beziggehouden; en (b) op apps (i) appversie (zoals die verschijnt in de App Store of Play Store); (ii) app-ID of pakketnaam (zoals die verschijnt in de App Store of Play Store); (iii) besturingssysteem (bijv. iOS of Android); (iii) versie van het besturingssysteem; en (iv) model van het apparaat (bijv. iPhone X). Deze informatie wordt beschouwd als persoonsgegevens indien Outbrain ze koppelt aan een UUID.
Aangezien Outbrain geen directe relatie heeft met Gebruikers die de Partnersites gebruiken, vertrouwt Outbrain op zijn partners om te bepalen op welke wettelijke grondslag Outbrain persoonsgegevens mag verwerken. Elke Partnersite vertrouwt op
(b) Welke cookies en andere soortgelijke technologieën we gebruiken
Outbrain-cookies Outbrain-pixels Pixels van derden Outbrain-cookiesZie de Cookietabel under “Users” onder "Gebruikers" voor een gedetailleerde lijst van de Eigen cookies die we gebruiken als u Partnersites bezoekt waarop de Outbrain-technologie is geïmplementeerd. Outbrain-pixels Naast de zichtbare widget van Outbrain op Partnersites, kunnen bepaalde Outbrain-adverteerders de Outbrain-pixel op hun websites implementeren. De Outbrain-pixel bepaalt of de Gebruiker die de pagina bezoekt waar de pixel is geïnstalleerd een Outbrain-UUID heeft, om te kunnen rapporteren aan adverteerders met betrekking tot hun specifieke campagne. Als er een UUID aan een dergelijke eindgebruiker is gekoppeld, staat Outbrain adverteerders toe om die UUID's te retargeten en/of levert het adverteerders het totale aantal Gebruikers (op geaggregeerde en geanonimiseerde basis) die een bepaalde pagina hebben bezocht (een adverteerder weet bijvoorbeeld niet dat UUID1234 geconverteerd is, maar alleen dat er 1 conversie heeft plaatsgevonden). Outbrain geeft zijn adverteerders geen persoonsgegevens door (inclusief uw UUID) en verzamelt geen verdere persoonsgegevens via de pixel. Outbrain combineert geen van de Outbrain-pixel ontvangen informatie met het profiel van een UUID (Outbrain houdt bijvoorbeeld alleen bij dat er 1 conversie heeft plaatsgevonden en niet dat UUID123 is geconverteerd wanneer deze de gekozen pagina van de adverteerder bereikt). Wij eisen van adverteerders dat zij het gebruik van de Outbrain-pixel bekend maken op hun eigen website.OOutbrain kan ook bepaalde vertrouwde externe partners toestaan om gegevens te verzamelen via cookies die via de Outbrain-widget worden geleverd. In dergelijke gevallen geeft Outbrain deze derden niet de gegevens door die Outbrain over zijn Gebruikers verzamelt, maar staat het deze derden toe om via de widget rechtstreeks gegevens (inclusief persoonsgegevens) te verzamelen voor fraude- en/of veiligheidsdoeleinden of om meetgegevens te verstrekken aan adverteerders (zoals het aantal conversies en/of impressies). Dergelijke vormen van verzamelen vallen onder het privacybeleid van de desbetreffende derden. Pixels van derdenAls u op een link naar een van onze aanbevelingen klikt, kan de adverteerder die de aanbeveling sponsort, cookies (of cookies van derden die namens de adverteerder handelen) op uw apparaat plaatsen, hetzij via redirects voordat u op de bestemmingspagina van de aanbevelingen komt, hetzij bij het bereiken van de bestemmingspagina. Dergelijke cookies worden geplaatst om de adverteerder te voorzien van analyses met betrekking tot de campagne van de adverteerder (bijvoorbeeld om te zien hoeveel gebruikers de campagne van de adverteerder hebben bekeken). Wij eisen van onze adverteerders dat zij het gebruik van pixels en/of cookies van derden bekend maken via hun website. Aangezien deze cookies en/of pixels naar eigen goeddunken van onze adverteerders worden toegevoegd, bent u onderworpen aan de privacyverklaring en/of het privacybeleid van die adverteerder.
Hoe we informatie kunnen delen ●Onze partners Outbrain deelt en/of verkoopt geen volledige profielen van een Gebruiker met en/of aan derden. We kunnen echter bepaalde elementen van een gebruikersprofiel (bijvoorbeeld een UUID) delen met de volgende partners, waaronder:
Partners op het gebied van merkveiligheid, analyse en fraude; DSP's (Demand Side Platforms) en SSP's (Supply Side Platforms);
Ad exchanges en/of advertentienetwerken; en
Demand Management Platforms. Zie hier voor een lijst met enkele van onze vertrouwde partners.
Daarnaast kunnen we enkele persoonsgegevens verzamelen en/of delen met vertrouwde partners op grond van deelname aan de OpenRTB. Veel van deze partners zijn geregistreerd als IAB TCF Global Vendors en zijn hier te vinden.
(d) Uw rechten
Outbrain opt-out op desktop en mobiel internet
Outbrain opt-out op desktop en mobiel internet. U kunt zich op elk moment afmelden voor de gepersonaliseerde aanbevelingen van Outbrain (of, als u zich hebt afgemeld en zich weer wilt aanmelden) door de schakelaar hieronder te verplaatsen. U kunt zich ook afmelden voor gepersonaliseerde aanbevelingen via het interesseprofiel van Outbrain, een website die een algemene visualisatie geeft van de gegevens die Outbrain over u weet en kan gebruiken om zijn aanbevelingen te doen.
Outbrain opt-out op apps
Outbrain opt-out op apps Om u af te melden voor de aanbevelingen van Outbrain op uw mobiele apps, kunt u de onderstaande stappen volgen:
iOS-apparaten: Instellingen > Privacy > Reclame > Beperk reclametracking Android-apparaten: Google-instellingen > Advertenties > Afmelden voor personalisatie van advertenties
Houd er rekening mee dat een opt-out via ons Interesseprofiel en/of dit Privacybeleid geen opt-out is van gepersonaliseerde tracking op uw apps. Deze opt-out moet gebeuren via de instellingen van uw apparaat.
Aanvullende opt-outopties.
Aanvullende opt-outopties. U kunt zich ook afmelden voor het ontvangen van gepersonaliseerde advertenties die door ons of andere reclamebedrijven worden aangeboden via door de sector aangeboden tools zoals het NAI of de verschillende op DAA gebaseerde pagina's (DAA,
http://www.aboutads.info/choices; DAAC, www.youradchoices.ca/choices en/of EDAA www.youronlinechoices.eu). Wanneer u de consumentenkeuzepagina's van NAI, DAA, DAAC of EDAA bezoekt, kunt u zich afmelden voor alle of een deel van de diensten van de deelnemende leden. Net zoals bij de opt-out van Outbrain betekent deze opt-out niet dat u geen reclame meer ontvangt, de advertenties zijn gewoon niet op u afgestemd. U blijft reclame ontvangen, bijvoorbeeld op basis van de website die u bekijkt (dus op context gebaseerde advertenties). Als uw browsers zo zijn geconfigureerd dat cookies worden geweigerd als u de consumentenkeuzepagina's van DAA, DAAC of EDAA bezoekt, kan het bovendien zo zijn dat uw opt-out niet effectief is, omdat onze opt-out gebaseerd is op cookies. BELANGRIJKE informatie Ook als u zich hebt afgemeld van de gepersonaliseerde aanbevelingen van Outbrain, geldt:
U blijft aanbevelingen van Outbrain zien. Uw opt-out voor personaliseringstracking door Outbrain betekent niet dat u geen aanbevelingen van Outbrain meer krijgt. Het betekent wel dat de aanbevelingen van Outbrain niet meer gepersonaliseerd zijn (het worden dus op context gebaseerde aanbevelingen). Uw opt-out is gebaseerd op cookies en is apparaat-/browserspecifiek. Als u vanaf verschillende apparaten en/of browsers op het web surft, moet u zich vanaf elk apparaat en/of elke browser afmelden om ervoor te zorgen dat we personaliseringstracking op alle apparaten en browsers voorkomen. Om dezelfde reden moet u zich opnieuw afmelden als u een nieuw apparaat koopt, een andere browser gaat gebruiken of de opt-outcookie verwijdert (of wist). Een opt-out van personaliseringstracking is niet hetzelfde als het blokkeren van cookies. U moet zich ten minste 21 dagen niet aanmelden bij Outbrain, omdat het verwijderen van uw profiel is gekoppeld aan uw UUID. Uw opt-out voor persoonlijke aanbevelingen van Outbrain is onmiddellijk van kracht. Als uw browser echter lokale opslag toestaat en u zich binnen 21 dagen na uw opt-out opnieuw aanmeldt voor de gepersonaliseerde aanbevelingen van Outbrain (bijvoorbeeld door een cookiebanner te accepteren), is het mogelijk dat uw eerdere profiel opnieuw aan uw UUID wordt gekoppeld. Als u zich niet binnen 21 dagen aanmeldt, wordt uw profiel verwijderd en kan het niet meer worden teruggehaald. Zoals bij de meeste opt-outcookies is de browseropt-out van Outbrain afhankelijk van een cookie. Het is de bedoeling dat de opt-outcookie blijvend voldoet aan de voorkeuren van de gebruiker. De ITP-functie (Intelligent Tracking Prevention) van iOS11 kan echter invloed hebben op de blijvende aanwezigheid van cookies op websites na een venster van 24 uur. Wij raden u aan een andere browser te gebruiken of te overwegen om alle cookies van derden van de browser te blokkeren, zodat u "opted-out" bent zonder dat u afhankelijk bent van de specifieke opt-outmethode van bedrijven. Uw lokale opslag wordt niet gewist. Hoewel u zich hebt afgemeld voor de gepersonaliseerde aanbevelingen van Outbrain, wordt uw lokale opslag niet automatisch gewist en moet u naast uw afmelding deze dus ook op browserniveau wissen.
Business Partners: U bent een Business Partner wanneer u zich namens het bedrijf waarvoor u werkt registreert (of e-mailt met Outbrain) voor gebruik van de diensten van Outbrain Amplify of Outbrain Engage. Kijk hier voor meer informatie.
(a) Welke informatie we verzamelen en waarom U kunt bepaalde persoonsgegevens (zoals uw naam en/of e-mailadres) opgeven wanneer u zich aanmeldt voor de diensten van Amplify of Engage of wanneer u op een andere manier met ons communiceert. Als u zich aanmeldt om Business Partner te worden, kunnen wij u om aanvullende informatie vragen via aanmeldingsformulieren voor adverteerders, plaatsingsopdrachten en andere formulieren. Daarnaast verzamelen we automatisch informatie over de acties van uw gebruikersnaam in het Outbrain-dashboard. Een voorbeeld: als u als Amplify Business Partner de kosten-per-klik voor een van uw campagnes wijzigt, bevat het auditspoor van Outbrain een overzicht van al die acties.
Wij verzamelen en verwerken de bovenstaande persoonsgegevens om onze verplichtingen uit hoofde van onze overeenkomst als Business Partner (of toekomstige Business Partner) met u te kunnen nakomen, onder andere om:
antwoord te geven op uw vragen en verzoeken; u toegang te geven tot bepaalde functies en kenmerken van onze Amplify- of Engage-diensten (bijv. om uw dashboardaccount te leveren en onderhouden); uw identiteit te verifiëren; en met u te communiceren over uw account, onze producten en beschikbare promoties die relevant zijn voor uw gebruik van de Amplify- of Engage-dienst.
(b) Welke cookies en andere soortgelijke technologieën we gebruiken
Zie deze Cookietabel onder "Business Partners" voor een gedetailleerde lijst met eigen en externe cookies (en de bijbehorende bewaartermijnen) die wij gebruiken bij Business Partners.
(c) Hoe we informatie met anderen kunnen delen We kunnen bepaalde informatie van Business Partners openbaar maken aan verkopers, aannemers of anderen die Outbrain helpen bij het leveren van de diensten (bijv. bij de verwerking van creditcards). Zie ook de sectie Delen van dit Privacybeleid.
(d) Uw rechten Als u als Business Partner uw gegevens wilt controleren, corrigeren, bijwerken of het deactiveren van uw gegevens wilt aanvragen, kunt u naar het Outbrain-dashboard gaan om uw profielvoorkeuren aan te passen of contact met ons opnemen via support@outbrain.com. Als u e-mails van Outbrain ontvangt, kunt u zich afmelden via een "unsubscribe"-link in de e-mail. Houd er rekening mee dat u zich niet kunt afmelden van meldingen die cruciaal zijn voor het leveren van de Amplify- of Engage-diensten (bijv. facturen via e-mail). (e) Wettelijke grondslag De wettelijke grondslag van Outbrain voor het verwerken van persoonsgegevens van Business Partners is contractueel.
4. Beveiligingsmaatregelen, doorgifte buiten de EER, delen en bewaren van gegevens
+
Beveiliging Gegevensoverdracht buiten de EU/EER Delen Bewaren van gegevens
Beveiliging Outbrain heeft een gespecialiseerd beveiligingsteam. We zorgen voor een strikte controle op de persoonsgegevens die we verzamelen en bewaren deze in met firewalls afgeschermde en beveiligde databases met strikt beperkte en gecontroleerde toegangsrechten, om ervoor te zorgen dat ze veilig zijn. Zie onze veiligheidsstandaarden voor meer informatie. Business Partners hebben toegang tot bepaalde met een wachtwoord beveiligde functies van de Amplify- of Engage-dienst. Business Partners zijn verantwoordelijk voor het geheimhouden van dit wachtwoord en moeten ervoor zorgen dat hun medewerkers en/of hun agenten hetzelfde doen. Vergeet niet dat de overdracht van informatie via het internet helaas nooit volledig veilig is. Een veel voorkomende vorm van internetoplichting staat bekend als "spoofing" of "phishing". Daarbij ontvangt u een e-mail van wat een legitieme bron lijkt te zijn, waarin u om persoonsgegevens wordt gevraagd. Wij sturen u geen e-mails waarin we u vragen uw creditcard, bankgegevens of andere persoonsgegevens te verifiëren. Als u ooit een e-mail ontvangt die van ons lijkt te zijn en waarin u om dergelijke informatie wordt gevraagd, reageer er dan niet op en klik niet op de links in de e-mail. In plaats daarvan kunt u de e-mail naar ons doorsturen via legal@outbrain.com, omdat wij gevallen van mogelijke internetfraude onderzoeken.
Gegevensoverdracht buiten de EU/EERWanneer wij persoonsgegevens uit de Europese Economische Ruimte (EER) overdragen, zorgen wij ervoor dat deze overdrachten in overeenstemming zijn met de relevante wetgeving inzake gegevensbescherming, met inbegrip van, indien van toepassing, standaardcontractbepalingen van de EU of een positieve beschikking van de Europese Commissie op grond van artikel 25, lid 6, van Richtlijn 95/46/EG of artikel 45 van de AVG. Met andere woorden, uw rechten en bescherming blijven gelden voor uw gegevens en wij gebruiken goedgekeurde contractuele clausules en andere maatregelen om ervoor te zorgen dat de ontvangers van uw persoonsgegevens deze beschermen. Outbrain hanteert de standaardcontractbepalingen tussen Outbrain-entiteiten voor de overdracht van gegevens buiten de EER. DelenNaast de beschrijving van de manier waarop wij uw persoonsgegevens voor elk type gebruiker kunnen bekendmaken, kunnen wij ook op de volgende manieren persoonsgegevens bekendmaken:Om interne redenen binnen de familie van bedrijven die door Outbrain worden gecontroleerd, voornamelijk voor zakelijke en operationele doeleinden; Als we een bedrijfstransitie doormaken, zoals een fusie, overname door een ander bedrijf of de verkoop van alle of een deel van onze activa, zullen uw persoonsgegevens waarschijnlijk deel uitmaken van de overgedragen activa; Wanneer dit wettelijk verplicht is (bijvoorbeeld om mee te werken aan rechtshandhavingsonderzoeken of andere juridische procedures); en/of Om te kunnen reageren op een echte noodsituatie. Daarnaast combineren wij uw persoonsgegevens met die van andere gebruikers om trendinformatie en geaggregeerde gebruikersstatistieken te delen met derden, altijd in geaggregeerde en geanonimiseerde vorm.
Bewaren van gegevensDe bewaartermijn voor elk van de door Outbrain gebruikte cookies (zowel onze eigen cookies als door derden namens ons gebruikte cookies) wordt vermeld in de Cookietabel. Meer specifiek: de Outbrain-cookie (Obuid), die wordt gebruikt voor het tracken van acties van de gebruiker zoals kliks, vervalt drie(3) maanden nadat een gebruiker een bepaalde site binnen ons netwerkwerk heeft bezocht; deze cookie wordt echter gereset als een gebruiker terugkeert naar dezelfde site of een andere site binnen ons netwerk. Bovendien bewaren wij geen individuele gegevenspunten van een Gebruiker langer dan 13 maanden. Als UUID 123 bijvoorbeeld op 31 december 2018 een artikel heeft gelezen, maakt dat artikel op 1 februari 2019 geen deel meer uit van het profiel van UUID 123 Outbrain hanteert ook een beleid voor het bewaren van gegevens, waarbij de bewaartermijn voor persoonsgegevens wordt bepaald op basis van onze analyse van hoe lang de specifieke gegevens redelijkerwijs nodig zijn voor wettelijke of zakelijke doeleinden. Wanneer we persoonsgegevens niet meer nodig hebben, verwijderen of vernietigen we deze op een veilige manier. Geaggregeerde gegevens, die niet een apparaat/browser (of individu) kunnen identificeren en die worden gebruikt voor rapportage- en analysedoeleinden, worden zo lang als commercieel noodzakelijk is bewaard.
5. Kinderen en gevoelige gegevens
+
Kinderen Geen van onze diensten is opzettelijk gericht op kinderen onder de 16 jaar. We verzamelen niet bewust persoonsgegevens van personen onder de 16 jaar. Indien wij bij het verzamelen van de gegevens vaststellen dat een Bezoeker van de site, een Gebruiker of een Business Partner jonger is dan 16 jaar, zullen wij zijn of haar persoonsgegevens niet gebruiken of bewaren. Als we er achter komen dat we onbewust persoonsgegevens van een kind onder de 16 jaar hebben verzameld, zullen we redelijke inspanningen leveren om dergelijke informatie uit onze gegevens te verwijderen. Als je een kind bent, ga dan lekker buiten spelen en gebruik Outbrain niet!
Gevoelige gegevensWij verzamelen of ontvangen geen gevoelige persoonsgegevens.
6. Bezoekers uit Europese gebieden
+
In overeenstemming met bepaalde privacywetten, in het bijzonder de Europese Algemene Verordening inzake Gegevensbescherming (AVG), voorziet Outbrain in specifieke aanvullende rechten voor personen die met Outbrain in contact komen, zoals het recht op toegang, rectificatie en bezwaar, het recht om een klacht in te dienen, het recht om gegevens te laten wissen en het recht op blokkering. Meer specifiek en onder bepaalde omstandigheden:
het recht om informatie op te vragen over of en welke persoonsgegevens door ons worden verwerkt, en het recht om te eisen dat persoonsgegevens worden gecorrigeerd of gewijzigd. het recht om te verzoeken dat persoonsgegevens worden gewist. het recht om te eisen dat de verwerking van persoonsgegevens wordt beperkt. uw toestemming voor de verwerking en het gebruik van uw gegevens te allen tijde geheel of gedeeltelijk in te trekken bij een toekomstige aanvraag. het recht om uw persoonsgegevens te verkrijgen in een gebruikelijke, gestructureerde en mechanisch leesbare indeling. contact op te nemen met onze functionaris voor gegevensbescherming als er vragen, opmerkingen, klachten of verzoeken zijn in verband met onze verklaring over gegevensbescherming en de verwerking van uw persoonsgegevens. het recht om een klacht in te dienen bij de verantwoordelijke toezichthoudende autoriteit indien u van mening bent dat de verwerking van uw persoonsgegevens in strijd is met de wetgeving.
In aanvulling op het bovenstaande verwijzen we in dit Privacybeleid naar bepaalde rechten voor burgers van de Europese gebieden. Volgens de AVG wordt onder burgers uit "Europese gebieden" verstaan de Europese Economische Ruimte (EER), de Europese Vrijhandelszone (EVA) en Zwitserland. In het kader van dit Privacybeleid zal de term "Europese gebieden" het Verenigd Koninkrijk blijven omvatten, zelfs nadat het Verenigd Koninkrijk de Europese Economische Ruimte na Brexit heeft verlaten.
Stuur een e-mail naar Privacy@outbrain.com met eventuele vragen over het uitoefenen van een van de bovenstaande rechten.
7. Bekendmaking over "Do Not Track"
+
Sommige browsers verzenden DNT-signalen (Do Not Track) naar websites. Omdat er geen algemene overeenkomst is over hoe het DNT-signaal moet worden geïnterpreteerd, verandert of wijzigt Outbrain op dit moment niets aan DNT-verzoeken of -signalen van deze browsers en reageert het ook niet op deze verzoeken of signalen. Wij zullen de activiteiten van de sector op dit gebied blijven volgen en onze DNT-praktijken waar nodig opnieuw beoordelen. Intussen kunt u gebruik maken van het scala aan andere tools die wij aanbieden om het verzamelen en gebruiken van gegevens te beheren, inclusief de mogelijkheid om af te zien van het ontvangen van gepersonaliseerde aanbevelingen in de sectie Gebruikers.
8. Hoe dit Privacybeleid kan veranderen
+
Wij kunnen dit Privacybeleid van tijd tot tijd wijzigen. We plaatsen een opvallend bericht dat zichtbaar is voor u als Bezoeker van de site of als Business Partner, maar we hebben geen mogelijkheid om gebruikers via een bericht op de hoogte te stellen van een update. U kunt hier regelmatig controleren of het Privacybeleid is bijgewerkt, aangezien we altijd de datum van de laatste wijziging van het Privacybeleid boven aan de pagina weergeven, zodat u kunt zien wanneer het voor het laatst is gewijzigd.
Effective April 28, 2021
Download
Política de Privacidade A Outbrain tem o compromisso de proteger seus dados pessoais. Esta política de privacidade (“Política de Privacidade”) rege o uso pela Outbrain dos dados coletados por nós, incluindo todos e quaisquer dados pessoais. Dados pessoais são informações relacionadas a você e que podem identificá-lo como indivíduo. Usamos seus dados pessoais cumprindo todas as leis vigentes. Para garantir a conformidade e o alinhamento aos valores da Outbrain de confiança e transparência nós temos uma equipe de especialistas responsáveis por implementar continuamente o nosso programa global de privacidade. + EXPAND ALL – COLLAPSE ALL
1. Quem somos, o que fazemos, como contatar a Outbrain, nosso DPO ou as autoridades competentes
+
Quem somos: Outbrain representa a Outbrain Inc., empresa de Delaware, EUA com sede em Nova York; e suas subsidiárias afiliadas (coletivamente denominadas “Outbrain” ou “nós”, “nos”, “nosso(as)”). Operamos a partir de 12 escritórios globais e trabalhamos em parceria com editores de conteúdo e marketing do mundo todo.
O que fazemos: A missão da Outbrain é oferecer recomendações interessantes aos seus Usuários com base nos interesses dos Usuários. Para cumprir nossa missão, firmamos acordos com:
Produtores e Divulgadores de conteúdo on-line e parceiros que desejam recomendar conteúdo relevante aos seus leitores (na Outbrain Engage); e anunciantes que desejam que leitores visualizem seu conteúdo (na Outbrain Amplify). Parceiros que nos ajudam a direcionar recomendações relevantes.
Para mais informações sobre nossos serviços Amplify (anunciante), consulte aqui e nossos serviços Engage (Divulgador), veja aqui.
Como nos contatar: Nós fazemos, regularmente, verificações de conformidade com base nesta Política de Privacidade. Perguntas, comentários e solicitações relacionados a esta Política de Privacidade são bem-vindas e devem ser encaminhadas a privacy@outbrain.com ou via correio a Outbrain Inc., 222 Broadway 19th Floor, New York, NY 10038, USA, Attn: Privacy Questions. Caso a Outbrain não forneça resposta satisfatória para suas perguntas ou preocupações, também é possível contatar o seguinte departamento para orientações, suporte ou reclamações:
responsável externa Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) da Outbrain: ePrivacy GmbH, representada pelo Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer. A ePrivacy GmbH pode ser contatada diretamente via dpo@outbrain.com; e/ou Information Commissioner’s Officer, que é o principal serviço supervisor da Outbrain nos Territórios Europeus.
2. Alianças e Adesões
+
Nós aderimos ainda, aos princípios de auto-regulamentação estabelecidos pela Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) e pela European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA); Nós somos membros e com atestado de bons antecedentes da Network Advertising Initiative (NAI),
que é uma associação dedicada à coleta responsável de dados e do seu uso para publicidade digital. Também aderimos ao Código de Conduta da NAI para Web e dispositivos móveis. A Outbrain também adere aos princípios auto regulatórios do Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) para publicidade comportamental on-line e à estrutura OBA da IAB Europe; e Também somos certificados pela JICWEBS DTSG Brand Safety aqui.
3. Tipos de usuários da Outbrain (incluindo as Opções de ser Excluído)
+
Parte desta Política de Privacidade está dividida em seções baseadas no seu modo de interagir com a Outbrain. Você pode ser Visitante, Usuário e/ou um Parceiro de Comercial (conforme definido abaixo). Por favor, determine o tipo de usuário você se enquadra . Para cada tipo de usuário, explicamos que tipo de informação coletamos e por que, quais cookies e outras tecnologias similares usamos, como compartilhamos essas informações e quais são os seus direitos.
Visitantes do Site: Você é um “Visitante do Site” ao visitar e interagir com os nossos websites, páginas na web, recursos interativos, blogs e seus respectivos conteúdos na Outbrain.com (ou qualquer página derivada, como Outbrain.co.uk; Outbrain.fr; Outbrain.de, etc.) (“Nossos Sites“). Veja mais aqui.
（a）Quais informações coletamos e por quê Queremos entender quais serviços dos Nossos Sites interessam a você e lembrá-lo dos serviços que oferecemos quando você não está nos Nossos Sites. Para fazer isso, coletamos as seguintes informações de seus dispositivos: (i) endereço IP; (ii) dados do Agente do Usuário: tipo de dispositivo (ex.: iPhone), tipo de navegador (ex.: Chrome), sistema operacional (ex.: iOS); (iii) páginas visitadas no Nosso Site (ex.: página “Sobre nós” da Outbrain); (iv) horário da visita (e respectivo fuso horário); e (v) URLs de encaminhamento e outras informações normalmente transmitidas em solicitações HTTP (ex.: essas informações nos dizem como você chegou aos Nossos Sites). Além disso, também podemos coletar seu nome e endereço de e-mail, caso você concorde em enviar seus dados para nós através de Nossos Sites (por exemplo, ao se inscrever para receber nossa newsletter).
（b） Quais cookies e outras tecnologias similares utilizamos Por favor, veja
esta Tabela de Cookies, a qual é atualizada constantemente, na sessão de
“Visitantes do Site” para uma lista detalhada dos cookies de primeira e terceira partes (e os respectivos períodos de retenção) que podem ser usados quando você visita os Nossos Sites.
（c） Como podemos compartilhar informações
Compartilhamento de informações que tomamos ciência sobre você nos Nossos Sites. Nós não comercializamos ou compartilhamos os seus dados pessoais seus com terceiros para fins de marketing ou publicidade. No entanto, podemos usar vários terceiros (todos listados nesta Tabela de Cookies) para nos ajudar a direcionar ou fazer publicidade para você.
Nós exigimos que esses terceiros e empresas concordem em cumprir
com todas as leis de proteção de dados vigentes, mantenham confidenciais todas as informações compartilhadas com eles e a usem as informações somente para cumprir suas obrigações conosco. Nós fazemos isso firmando acordos com todos os terceiros que processam dados pessoais em nosso nome para garantir que eles processem seus dados pessoais. Se você publicar em nosso blog, seu comentário e suas informações ficarão visíveis publicamente. Por favor, entre em contato com support@outbrain.com para solicitar a remoção do seu comentário. Usando serviços de terceiros nos Nossos Sites.
Nossos Sites contêm links para outros websites que não operamos nem são de nossa propriedade. Não controlamos, recomendamos ou endossamos o conteúdo, os produtos, serviços, políticas de privacidade ou práticas desses websites de terceiros. Por exemplo: nos Nossos Sites, você notará ícones clicáveis que o levam à página da Outbrain no Facebook ou no LinkedIn. Ao escolher clicar nesses links, você deve estar ciente de que esses sites não pertencem ou tampouco são operados pela Outbrain e, portanto,
esses websites de terceiros podem enviar seus próprios cookies ao seu aparelho, que podem coletar dados pessoais de maneira independente. Por isso, é importante que você leia e se familiarize com as políticas de privacidade dos websites de terceiros.
Consulte também a seção de Compartilhamento desta Política de Privacidade.
(d) Seus direitos Os Termos de Uso no Nosso Site regem o uso do Nosso Site e também se aplicam quando você interage com os Nossos Sites. Você pode interromper o uso do Nosso Site a qualquer momento. Ao fazê-lo, você também tem a opção de remover quaisquer cookies que tenhamos colocado em qualquer dispositivo usado para acessar o Nosso Site. Se você forneceu seu endereço de e-mail durante o uso dos Nossos Sites, todos os e-mails que você receber da Outbrain incluirão a opção de se “descadastrar”. Além disso, você tem a opção de solicitar a exclusão de marketing direto por e-mail support@outbrain.com.
Para Visitantes, no Território Europeu, a Outbrain implementou uma plataforma de gestão de consentimento (operada pela One Trust) nos Nossos Sites que dá aos visitantes a oportunidade de autorizar ou não cookies e tecnologias similares de rastreamento nos Nossos Sites. Ao acessar Nossos Sites, você verá um banner no centro da página com informações sobre os cookies que usamos. Você pode clicar no banner para rejeitar quaisquer cookies (por exemplo, cookies de desempenho ou cookies de segmentação) que não sejam cookies estritamente necessários (conforme definido na Tabela de Cookies). Ao pressionar " eu Aceito" no banner, você indica sua aceitação de cookies e das tecnologias de rastreamento semelhantes. O fundamento legal da Outbrain para o processamento de dados pessoais dos visitantes do site do Território Europeu em nossos sites é consentido. Você pode retirar seu consentimento a qualquer momento Cookies Settings. Em relação a todos os outros visitantes do site não localizados em territórios europeus, nós confiamos em nosso legítimo interesse em processar quaisquer dados pessoais, no entanto, isso não impede que visitantes de sites de fora do território europeu não retirem o consentimento a qualquer momento por meio de nossa plataforma de gerenciamento de consentimentos.
Usuários: Você é um “Usuário” ao visitar uma página de um website ou aplicativo de um dos parceiros da Outbrain onde a ferramenta da Outbrain esteja instalada (“Sites Parceiros”). Por exemplo, ao visitar https://news.sky.com/uk, www.bild.de ou www.cnn.com, a ferramenta da Outbrain está implementada nesses sites. Ao interagir com a ferramenta da Outbrain, você é informado por um texto que faz referência à Outbrain (ex.: “Recomendado pela Outbrain” ou “by Outbrain” ao lado das recomendações). Ao clicar no link que faz referência à Outbrain, você verá um aviso detalhado que permite acessar o Perfil de Interesse da Outbrain, que fornece uma visualização geral dos tipos de categorias de dados da Outbrain que podem ser usados para fazer suas recomendações. Em alguns casos, o parceiro ou divulgador pode ter uma marca branca dos Serviços da Outbrain pelas suas próprias ofertas. Nesse caso, esses parceiros e/ou divulgadores devem informar o uso da Outbrain em suas políticas de privacidade. Veja mais aqui.
Exemplo de ferramenta da Outbrain
(a) Quais informações coletamos e por quê Usamos UUIDs, endereço IP e outras Informações de Uso para poder lhe oferecer recomendações interessantes. As recomendações da Outbrain podem ser pagas por um anunciante que direciona você para um novo website ou podem ser orgânicas, com link para outra página no site do mesmo anunciante.
UUID.
Quando, como usuário, você visita pela primeira vez um Site Parceiro (ex.: CNN.com), a Outbrain instala um cookie no seu dispositivo para gerar um UUID (identificador único de usuário). Alternativamente, se
você interagir primeiro com um Parceiro usando um aplicativo do Parceiro, a Outbrain receberá a sua identificação anunciante atribuído a você pelo seu dispositivo.
Nós catalogamos e analisamos o conteúdo que você visualiza nos Sites Parceiros. Nossas recomendações baseiam-se em: (i) um UUID de histórico de navegação; (ii) padrões de navegação similares de outros Usuários; (ii) recomendações geralmente populares entre o público da Outbrain atualmente; (iv) um certo grau de aleatoriedade; e (v) requisitos de público-alvo que podem ser fornecidos ou solicitados por nossos clientes Amplify. Por exemplo, a Outbrain pode saber que o UUID 123 (que poderia ser você no seu iPhone X acessando o jornal Guardian usando o Chrome como navegador) gosta de ler sobre destinos de férias remotos e que pessoas que gostam de ler sobre destinos de férias remotos também gostam de ler sobre comida exótica. Quando você interage com a Outbrain, nós não coletamos seus dados pessoais tradicionais, como seu endereço de e-mail ou nome, portanto, não podemos associar seu nome ao seu UUID (por exemplo, não sabemos que John Smith, que também é UUID 123, gosta para ler sobre destinos de férias distantes).
O UUID é uma sequência de números e/ou letras. Esse UUID vincula-se ao seu dispositivo e varia conforme
a sua combinação de
navegador. Em outras palavras, a Outbrain registra um UUID diferente dependendo do aparelho e/ou navegador que você está usando ao acessar os Sites Parceiros. Por exemplo, isso significa que você terá um UUID quando visitar um Site Parceiro a partir do seu celular usando o navegador Safari e outro UUID ao visitar um Site Parceiro do seu iPad usando o navegador Safari. A Outbrain combinará e consolidará o UUID de um aparelho móvel (celular ou tablet) por um navegador que depois acessa um aplicativo (ou vice-versa) a partir do mesmo dispositivo. A Outbrain nós não realiza o rastreamento entre dispositivos e, portanto, não pode vincular um usuário que interaja com a Outbrain, pelo telefone, como o mesmo usuário que está interagindo com a Outbrain na área de trabalho (desktop).
Endereço IP.
Além do seu UUID,
nós reconhecemos o seu endereço de IP, que traduzimos em geolocalização e excluímos o último octeto para mascarar as informações de identificação. Em seguida, usamos essas informações mascaradas, em conjunto com as informações recebidas de outros parceiros confiáveis (como MaxMind) para determinar com um amplo entendimento de onde você está localizado (por exemplo, Nova York). A Outbrain ainda reconhecerá seu endereço IP, mesmo se você optar por não seguir o rastreamento personalizado, pois isso é necessário para que possamos continuar atendendo a recomendações baseadas em contexto. No entanto, nesses casos, seu endereço IP não está associado ao seu UUID e não faria parte de nenhum perfil de usuário
Outras Informações de Uso.
Além do seu UUID e endereço IP, nós também coletamos as seguintes informações da área de trabalho (Desktop) e na Web móvel: (i) dados do Agente de Usuário: tipo de dispositivo (por exemplo, iphone), tipo de navegador (por exemplo, chrome), operação sistema (por exemplo, iOS); (ii) as páginas visitadas; (iii) a hora da visita; e (iv) referencias de URLs e outras informações normalmente transmitidas em solicitações HTTP. As informações de estatísticas acima nos fornecem dados sobre quantos Usuários visitaram uma página específica Sites de nossos Parceiros nos quais a ferramenta da Outbrain está instalada, quanto tempo cada Usuário permaneceu na página, o tipo de conteúdo na página em que clicaram e como geralmente envolveram-se com essa página; e (b) nos aplicativos (i) versão do aplicativo (como aparece na App Store ou na Play Store); (ii) Identificação do aplicativo ou nome do pacote (como aparece na App Store ou na Play Store); (iii) sistema operacional (por exemplo, IOS ou Android); (iii) versão do sistema operacional; e (iv) modelo do dispositivo (por exemplo, iPhone X). Essas informações são consideradas dados pessoais se a Outbrain as associar a um UUID.
Como a Outbrain não possui um relacionamento direto com os Usuários que interagem com os Sites Parceiros, a Outbrain confia em seus parceiros para determinar o fundamento legal com a qual a Outbrain pode processar os dados pessoais. Cada Site Parceiro depende de
(b) Quais cookies e outras tecnologias similares utilizamos
Cookies de Outbrain Píxeles de Outbrain Píxeles de terceros Cookies de OutbrainConsulte en la Tabla de cookies under “Users” en el apartado «Usuarios» para obtener un listado detallado de las cookies de origen que utilizamos cuando usted interactúa con Sitios asociados en los que está implementada la tecnología de Outbrain. Píxeles de Outbrain Ademas del widget visible de Outbrain en los Sitios asociados, algunos anunciantes de Outbrain pueden implementar el píxel de Outbrain en sus sitios web. El píxel de Outbrain determina si un Usuario que accede a la página en la que está instalado el píxel tiene un UUID de Outbrain con el fin de proporcionar informes a los anunciantes en relación con su campaña particular. Si hay un UUID asociado a un usuario final, Outbrain permite a los anunciantes o bien redestinar dichos UUID y/o notifica a los anunciantes el número total de Usuarios (de forma acumulada y anónima) que han accedido a una página en particular (por ejemplo, un anunciante no puede saber que el UUID1234 se ha convertido, sino solamente que se ha producido una conversión). Outbrain no transfiere a sus anunciantes ningún dato personal (incluido su UUID) ni recopila ninguna otra información personal a través del píxel. Outbrain no combina la información recibida de la información de píxel de Outbrain con un perfil de UUID (por ejemplo, Outbrain solamente registra que se ha producido una conversión, y no que el UUID123 se ha convertido al acceder a la página elegida del anunciante). Exigimos a los anunciantes que revelen el uso del píxel de Outbrain en sus propios sitios web.Outbrain también puede permitir a determinados terceros asociados de confianza recopilar datos a través de cookies suministradas por medio del widget de Outbrain. En tales casos, Outbrain no transfiere esta información recolectada sobre sus usuarios a dichos terceros, pero sí que les permite a estos terceros recopilar información directamente (incluyendo datos personales) mediante el widget para la prevención de fraudes y/o fines de seguridad o para proporcionar información de mediciones a anunciantes (tales como el numero de conversiones o impresiones). Esta recopilación de información se rige por las políticas de privacidad de los terceros. Píxeles de tercerosSi hace clic en un enlace a una de nuestras recomendaciones, el anunciante que patrocina la recomendación puede colocar cookies (o cookies de terceros pertenecientes a terceros que actúan en nombre del anunciante ) en su dispositivo, bien a través de redireccionamiento antes de llegar a la página de destino de las recomendaciones o al llegar a la página de destino. Estas cookies se colocan con el fin de proporcionar análisis al anunciante relacionado con la campaña del mismo (por ejemplo, para ver cuántos usuarios han visto la campaña del anunciante). Exigimos a nuestros anunciantes que revelen el uso de píxeles de terceros y/o cookies para los usuarios finales a través su sitio web. Estas cookies y/o píxeles se agregan a discreción única de nuestros anunciantes, por lo que usted queda sujeto al aviso de privacidad del anunciante y/o a su política de privacidad.
(c) Como podemos compartilhar informações
Nossos Parceiros
A Outbrain não compartilha e/ou comercializa perfis de Usuário com nenhum terceiro. Contudo, podemos compartilhar alguns elementos do seu perfil (como por exemplo, UUID) com o parceiro, incluindo-se:
Parceiros de segurança de marca, análise e fraude; 2. Plataformas do Lado da Demanda (DSP) e Plataformas do Lado da Oferta (SSP); 3. Intercâmbio de Anúncios e/ou Redes; e 4. Plataformas de Gerenciamento de Demanda.
Por favor, veja aqui uma lista de alguns de nossos parceiros confiáveis. Além disso, podemos coletar e/ou compartilhar alguns dos seus dados pessoais com parceiros confiáveis em virtude da participação no OpenRTB. Muitos desses parceiros estão registrados como fornecedores globais do IAB TCF e podem ser encontrados aqui.
(d) Seus direitos
Opção de exclusão na Web para computadores e dispositivos móveis
Opção de exclusão na Web para computadores e dispositivos móveis. Você pode, a qualquer momento, optar por não receber as recomendações personalizadas da Outbrain (ou, se tiver optado por não participar e quiser voltar a participar), movendo o botão de alternância abaixo. Você também pode optar por não receber recomendações personalizadas, por meio do Perfil de interesse da Outbrain, que é um site que fornece uma visualização geral dos dados que a Outbrain tem conhecimento sobre você e pode usar para fazer suas recomendações.
Opção de exclusão em Aplicativos
Opção de exclusão em Aplicativos. Para desativar as recomendações da Outbrain em seus aplicativos de dispositivos móveis, siga as etapas abaixo:
Dispositivos iOS: Configurações> Privacidade> Publicidade> Limitar o Rastreamento de Anúncios Dispositivos Android: aplicativo de Configurações do Google> Anúncios> Desativar Publicidade Baseada em Interesses
Observe que a desativação, através do nosso Perfil de Interesse
/ou desta Política de Privacidade, não impedirá o acompanhamento personalizado de seus aplicativos. Essa desativação deve ser feita através das configurações do seu aparelho.
Opções Adicionais de Exclusão.
Opções Adicionais de Exclusão YVocê também pode optar por não receber anúncios personalizados veiculados por nós ou outras empresas de publicidade, através de ferramentas do setor, como o NAI ou várias páginas baseadas em DAA (DAA, http://www.aboutads.info/choices; DAAC, www. youradchoices.ca/choices e / ou EDAA www.youronlinechoices.eu). O acesso das páginas de escolha do consumidor do NAI, DAA, DAAC ou EDAA permite desativar todos ou alguns dos serviços dos membros participantes. Como as opções de exclusão da Outbrain, essas opções
não significam que você não receberá mais publicidade; mas apenas que os anúncios não serão personalizados para você. Você continuará recebendo anúncios, por exemplo, com base no site específico que está visualizando (ou seja, anúncios contextuais). Além disso, se seus navegadores estiverem configurados para rejeitar cookies, quando você visitar as páginas de escolha do consumidor DAA, DAAC ou EDAA, sua exclusão poderá não ser eficaz, pois nossa exclusão é baseada em cookies. Informação IMPORTANTE Mesmo que você tenha optado por não receber as recomendações personalizadas da Outbrain:
Você ainda verá recomendações da Outbrain.A opção de exclusão personalizada
de rastreamento da Outbrain, não significa que você deixará de receber recomendações da Outbrain. Em vez disso, significa que as recomendações da Outbrain não serão personalizadas.
(por exemplo, serão recomendações baseadas no contexto). A opção de exclusão baseia-se em cookies e é específica para cada dispositivo/navegador. Se você navegar na internet em diferentes dispositivos e/ou navegadores, você precisará fazer a opção de exclusão
em cada aparelho e/ou navegador para que possamos impedir o rastreamento para personalização em todos eles. Pela mesma razão, se você comprar um novo dispositivo, mudar de navegador ou excluir (ou limpar) o cookie de recusa, será necessário fazer a opção de exclusão novamente. A opção de exclusão
de rastreamento para personalização não significa bloquear cookies. Você deve optar pela opção de exclusão da
Outbrain por pelo menos 21 dias, pois a exclusão do seu perfil está vinculada ao seu UUID. . Sua exclusão das recomendações personalizadas da Outbrain é efetiva imediatamente. No entanto, se o seu navegador permitir armazenamento local e você optar pelas recomendações personalizadas da Outbrain (por exemplo, ao aceitar um banner de cookie) dentro de 21 dias após a sua exclusão, é possível que seu perfil anterior seja reconectado ao seu UUID. Se você não optar pela exclusão dentro de 21 dias, seu perfil será excluído e não poderá ser recuperado. Como na maioria dos cookies de exclusão, o navegador Outbrain depende de um cookie.
O cookie de exclusão
deve ser persistente para atender às preferências do usuário. No entanto, o recurso de "Prevenção de RastreamentoInteligente" no iOS11 pode afetar a persistência de cookies nos websites postados em uma janela de 24 horas. Nós sugerimos usar outro navegador ou considerar o bloqueio de todos os cookies de terceiros do navegador para que você "desative-os" sem precisar confiar na metodologia de desativação real de qualquer empresa. Seu armazenamento local não será limpo. Mesmo que você tenha optado por não receber as recomendações personalizadas da Outbrain, seu armazenamento local não será limpado automaticamente e, portanto, você precisará limpá-lo no nível do navegador, além da sua exclusão.
Parceiros Comerciais: Você é um “Parceiro Comercial” ao se cadastrar (ou trocar e-mails com a Outbrain) em nome da empresa para a qual trabalha para utilizar os serviços Outbrain Amplify ou Outbrain Engage. Veja mais aqui.
(a) Quais informações coletamos e por quê Você pode fornecer determinados dados pessoais (como endereço de e-mail) ao se inscrever para os serviços Amplify ou Engage ou se comunicar ou interagir conosco por outros meios. Se você se inscrever para se tornar Parceiro Comercial, podemos solicitar informações adicionais suas via formulários de inscrição para anunciante, pedidos de inserção e outros meios. Coletamos informações automaticamente sobre as ações do seu nome de usuário no painel da Outbrain. Por exemplo, se como Parceiro Comercial Amplify você alterar o custo por clique de uma de suas campanhas, o registro de auditoria da Outbrain terá o histórico de todas essas ações.
Coletamos e processamos os dados pessoais acima para cumprir nossas obrigações nos termos do nosso acordo como Parceiro Comercial (ou potencial Parceiro Comercial) seu, inclusive para:
responder às suas perguntas e solicitações;
fornecer acesso a determinadas funções e recursos dos nossos serviços Amplify ou Engage (ex.: para fornecimento e manutenção da sua conta no painel de controle);
verificar sua identidade; e,
nos comunicar com você sobre sua conta, nossos produtos e promoções disponíveis relevantes para o seu uso do serviço Amplify ou Engage.
(b) Quais cookies e outras tecnologias similares utilizamos
Consulte esta Tabela de Cookies em “Parceiros Comerciais” para uma lista detalhada dos cookies (e os respectivos períodos de retenção) que usamos com Parceiros Comerciais.
(c) Como podemos compartilhar informações
Podemos revelar determinadas informações de Parceiros Comerciais a fornecedores, prestadores de serviços ou outros que auxiliem a Outbrain na prestação dos seus serviços (ex.: processamento de cartões de crédito). Consulte também a seção de Compartilhamento desta Política de Privacidade.
(d) Seus direitos Se, como Parceiro Comercial, você deseja verificar, corrigir, atualizar ou solicitar desativação das suas informações, você pode acessar o painel da Outbrain para editar suas preferências de perfil ou nos contatar em support@outbrain.com. Se você está recebendo e-mails da Outbrain, você pode se “descadastrar” acessando o link nos e-mails. Observe que o descadastramento pode não desativar o recebimento de notificações importantes para o fornecimento dos serviços Amplify ou Engage (ex.: faturas por e-mail). (e) Fundamentação Legal
A fundamentação legal da Outbrain para processar dados pessoais dos Parceiros Comerciais é contratual.
4. Medidas de Segurança , Transferências para fora do EEE, Compartilhamento e Períodos de Retenção de dados
+
Seguridad Transferencias de datos fuera de la UE/EEE Intercambio Retención de datos
Seguridad Outbrain tiene un equipo de seguridad específico. Mantenemos un estricto control de los datos personales que recopilamos y los retenemos en bases de datos seguras y protegidas por cortafuegos con derechos de acceso estrictamente limitados y controlados, para garantizar su seguridad. Consulte nuestras normas de seguridad para obtener más información. Los socios comerciales tienen acceso a determinadas funciones protegidas por contraseña del servicio Amplify o Engage. Los Socios comerciales son responsables de mantener la confidencialidad de la contraseña y de asegurar que lo hagan igualmente sus empleados y/o agentes. No olvide que, lamentablemente, la transmisión de información a través de internet nunca es completamente segura. El «spoofing» o «phishing» son algunas de las estafas más comunes en Internet. Esto se produce cuando recibe un correo electrónico que parece proceder de una fuente legítima que le solicita datos personales. Tenga en cuenta que no le enviaremos ningún correo electrónico solicitándole que verifique la información de su tarjeta de crédito, bancaria o cualquier otro dato personal. Si alguna vez recibe un correo electrónico que parece ser de nuestra parte solicitándole dicha información, no responda a él y no haga clic en ninguno de los enlaces que aparecen en el correo electrónico. En su lugar, reenvíenos el correo electrónico a legal@outbrain.com, ya que investigaremos casos de posible fraude en Internet.
Transferencias de datos fuera de la UE/EEECuando transferimos datos personales desde el Espacio Económico Europeo (EEE) garantizamos que dichas transferencias se realizan de conformidad con las leyes de protección de datos relevantes, incluidas, si son de aplicación, las cláusulas contractuales tipo de la UE o una decisión de adecuación de la Comisión Europea en virtud del artículo 25(6) de la Directiva 95/46/CE o el artículo 45 del RGPD. Expresado de otro modo, sus derechos y protecciones quedan adheridos a sus datos y nosotros hacemos uso de cláusulas contractuales aprobadas y otras medidas destinadas a garantizar que los destinatarios de sus datos personales se encarguen de protegerlos. Outbrain ha establecido las cláusulas contractuales tipo entre las entidades de Outbrain para gestionar la transferencia de datos fuera del EEE. IntercambioAdemás de la descripción de cómo podemos revelar sus datos personales en función de cada tipo de usuario, también podemos revelar datos personales de la siguiente manera:Dentro de la familia de empresas controladas por Outbrain por razones internas, principalmente con fines comerciales y operativos. Si pasamos por una transición de negocios, como una fusión, adquisición por otra compañía o venta de todos o parte de nuestros activos, es probable que sus datos personales se encuentren entre los activos transferidos. Cuando la ley así lo requiera (por ejemplo, para cooperar con investigaciones de las fuerzas del orden u otros procedimientos legales). Para responder a una verdadera emergencia. Además, combinamos sus datos personales con los de otros usuarios para compartir información sobre tendencias y acumular estadísticas de usuarios con terceros, siempre de forma agregada y anonimizada.
Retención de datosEl período de retención para cada una de las cookies que utiliza Outbrain (ya sea por su cuenta o en nuestro nombre por parte de terceros) se indica en la Tabla de cookies. Más específicamente, la cookie de Outbrain (Obuid), que se utiliza para el seguimiento de acciones de los usuarios, tales como clics, expira tres (3) meses después de que un usuario visite un sitio en particular dentro de nuestra red, si bien esta cookie se restablecerá si el usuario vuelve a visitar el mismo sitio u otro sitio de nuestra red. Del mismo modo, no retenemos ningún punto de datos individual de un usuario durante más de 13 meses. Por ejemplo, si el UUID 123 leyó un artículo el 31 de diciembre de 2018, el 1 de febrero de 2019 dicho artículo dejó de formar parte del perfil del UUID 123.Outbrain también mantiene una Política de Retención de Datos que detalla el período de retención de datos personales sobre la base de nuestro análisis sobre cuánto tiempo es necesario retener razonablemente los datos específicos para fines legales o comerciales. Cuando ya no necesitamos datos personales, los borraremos o destruiremos de forma segura. Los datos agregados, que no puedan identificar un dispositivo/navegador (o a una persona) y se utilicen con fines de información y análisis, se mantendrán durante el tiempo que sea necesario desde el punto de vista comercial.
5. Crianças e Dados Sensíveis
+
Crianças Nenhum dos nossos serviços é destinado a crianças menores de 16 anos. Não coletamos deliberadamente dados pessoais de menores de 16 anos de idade. Se durante a coleta constatarmos que um Visitante do Site, Usuário ou Parceiro Comercial é menor de 16 anos, não usaremos ou manteremos seus dados pessoais. Se tomarmos ciência de que involuntariamente coletamos dados pessoais de uma criança menor de 16 anos, tomaremos medidas razoáveis para excluir tais informações dos nossos registros. Se você é criança, pedimos que vá brincar no quintal em vez de usar ou interagir com a Outbrain! Dados Sensíveis Nós não coletamos ou recebemos nenhum dado sensível de categorias de dados pessoais.
6. Visitantes do Território Europeu
+
Em conformidade com as leis de privacidade europeias, especialmente com o Regulamento Geral de Proteção de Dados da União Europeia (RGPD), a Outbrain fornece direitos adicionais específicos para indivíduos que interagem com a Outbrain como o direito de acesso, retificação, contestação, reclamação, exclusão e bloqueio. Mais especificamente:
o direito de perguntar se ou quais dados pessoais estão sendo processados por nós e o direito de solicitar que os dados pessoais sejam corrigidos ou alterados; o direito de solicitar a exclusão de dados pessoais; o direito de exigir restrições no processamento de dados pessoais; o direito de cancelar seu consentimento para processamento e uso dos seus dados, total ou parcialmente e a qualquer momento, com validade para o futuro; o direito de receber seus dados pessoais em formato comum, estruturado e mecanicamente legível; o direito de contatar nosso responsável pela proteção dos dados se tiver perguntas, comentários, reclamações ou solicitações relacionadas à nossa declaração sobre proteção de dados e o processamento dos seus dados pessoais; o direito de reclamar à autoridade supervisora responsável caso acredite que o processamento dos seus dados pessoais está violando a legislação.
Além dos itens acima, relacionamos determinados direitos para cidadãos do Território Europeu ao longo desta Política de Privacidade. Nos termos do RGPD, são considerados “Territórios Europeus” o Espaço Econômico Europeu (EEE) e a Suíça. Para os fins desta Política de Privacidade, o termo “Territórios Europeus” deve continuar a incluir o Reino Unido mesmo após sua retirada do Espaço Econômico Europeu em decorrência do Brexit. Em caso de perguntas sobre o exercício de quaisquer dos direitos acima, envie um e-mail a privacy@outbrain.com.
7. Comunicação Anti-rastreamento
(“Do Not Track”)
+
Alguns navegadores transmitem sinais Do Not Track (DNT), ou Não Rastrear, aos websites. Como não há consenso sobre como interpretar o sinal DNT, a Outbrain atualmente não altera, modifica ou responde a solicitações ou sinais DNT desses navegadores. Continuaremos a monitorar a atuação do setor nesse âmbito e reavaliaremos nossas práticas relacionadas a DNT se necessário. Enquanto isso, você pode utilizar as várias outras ferramentas que fornecemos para controlar a coleta e o uso de dados, incluindo a possibilidade de optar por ser excluído do recebimento de recomendações personalizadas na seção Usuários.
8. Como esta Política de Privacidade pode mudar
+
De tempos em tempos, podemos fazer alterações nesta Política de Privacidade. Nesse caso, colocaremos um aviso em destaque, visível para você como Visitante do Site ou Parceiro Comercial. Contudo, não temos meios para alertar Usuários sobre atualizações. Recomendamos que você verifique aqui periodicamente se a Política de Privacidade foi atualizada. Sempre exibiremos a data da última alteração da Política de Privacidade no topo da página, para que você saiba a última vez em que foi revisada.
Cookies
Version 5.7
Effective August 4, 2021
Download
Table of Contents
OUTBRAIN'S COOKIE TABLEThis Cookie Table provides you with information about the cookies and other similar technologies Outbrain and/or its partners may use, their purpose and the retention period associated with such cookie. Where a third party partner drops a cookie, they determine the purpose for which that cookie is dropped and the relevant retention period.We may place cookies or similar files such as pixel tags and web beacons on the devices you use to engage with Outbrain for security purposes, to facilitate site navigation and to personalize your experience when you engage with Outbrain as a Site Vistior, a User or a Business Partner. Cookies allow us to collect technical and navigational information, such as browser type, time spent by you engaging with Outbrain and pages visited. Please read the Privacy Policy to further understand how we use data collected by these cookies.For even more information about cookies, we recommend visiting: https://cookies.insites.com/about-cookies/Users+Strictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are necessary for the effective functioning of our services, such as tracking fraudulent activity and behaviour. Accordingly, they cannot be switched off in our systems, unless our Business Partner has requested a cookieless solution.Name of the Controller/CookiePurposeExpirationLink to Privacy NoticeCheqFraud detectionSessionhttps://www.cheq.ai/privacyFunctional CookiesThese cookies allow us to do such things as deliver content and remember choices you have made so as to provide a more personalised and enhanced user experience. If you disable these cookies you will have a less personalised experience. Name of the Controller/CookiePurposeExpirationLink to Privacy NoticeOutbrain auidHolds the advertising ID of the user in mobile devices. Used for tracking user actions, such as clicks on the recommendations90 dayshttps://www.outbrain.com/legal/privacy#privacy-policy Outbrain outbrain_click_idConversion tracking1 dayhttps://www.outbrain.com/legal/privacy#privacy-policy Outbrain outbrain_cid_fetchConversion tracking60 minuteshttps://www.outbrain.com/legal/privacy#privacy-policy Outbrain obuidHolds the anonymous user's ID. Used for tracking user actions, such as clicks on the recommendations.3 monthshttps://www.outbrain.com/legal/privacy#privacy-policy Outbrain recs-{}Stores the documents we're recommending so that we won't show the same recommendation on the same page1 minute or refreshhttps://www.outbrain.com/legal/privacy#privacy-policy Outbrain ref-{}Stores referring doc info - written by redirect on click1 minutehttps://www.outbrain.com/legal/privacy#privacy-policy Analytical CookiesThese cookies are used for statistical and analytical purposes. These cookies shall be set only if User gave a clear consent signal in countries where GDPR applies, or has not opted out under CCPA, EDAA/DAA.Name of the Controller/CookiePurposeExpirationLink to Privacy NoticeDoubleVerifyAdvertising VerificationSessionhttps://www.doubleverify.com/privacyIntegral Ad ScienceAdvertising VerificationSessionhttps://integralads.com/cookie-policy/Moat (Oracle)Advertising VerificationSessionhttps://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/services-privacy-policy.htmlScorecardresearch.comComScore is a web market research, analytics and measurement provider. ScorecardResearch conducts research by collecting Internet web browsing data and then uses that data to help show how people use the Internet, what they like about it, and what they don't. Surveys and web tags used do not collect personal information.2 yearshttps://www.scorecardresearch.com/privacy.aspx Partner Targeting CookiesWe may use these partners to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts. If you do not allow the cookies dropped by these partners, you will experience context-based advertising.Name of the Controller/CookiePurposeExpirationLink to Privacy NoticeActive Agent (ADITION technologies AG)Cookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner90 dayshttps://www.adition.com/en/privacy-platformADARA MEDIA UNLIMITEDCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner730 dayshttps://adara.com/privacy-promise/AdformCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner60 dayshttps://site.adform.com/privacy-center/platform-privacy/product-and-services-privacy-policy/ADITION technologies AGCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner90 dayshttps://www.adition.com/en/privacy-platformAdobe Advertising CloudCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://www.adobe.com/privacy/experience-cloud.htmlAdobe Audience Manager, Adobe Experience PlatformCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner180 dayshttps://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.htmlAdtriba GmbHCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner730 dayshttps://privacy.adtriba.com/ADventori SASCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner90 dayshttps://www.adventori.com/with-us/legal-notice/Amazon AdvertisingCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner396 dayshttps://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=201909010Amobee Inc.Cookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://www.amobee.com/trust/gdpr/Arrivalist CoCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://www.arrivalist.com/privacy/BIDSWITCH GmbHCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://www.bidswitch.com/privacy-policy/Bidtellect, IncCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner90 dayshttps://www.bidtellect.com/privacy-policy/Bombora Inc.Cookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://bombora.com/privacyCommanders ActCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://www.commandersact.com/en/privacy/Comscore B.V.Cookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner720 dayshttps://www.scorecardresearch.com/privacy.aspx?newlanguage=1Criteo SACookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner390 dayshttps://www.criteo.com/privacy/Dynata LLCCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://www.opinionoutpost.co.uk/en-gb/policies/privacyeBay IncCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner90 days.https://www.ebayinc.com/company/privacy-center/gdpr/Eulerian TechnologiesCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner390 dayshttps://www.eulerian.com/en/privacy/Exactag GmbHCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner180 dayshttps://www.exactag.com/en/data-privacy/Flashtalking, Inc.Cookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner730 dayshttps://www.flashtalking.com/privacypolicy/GamnedCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://www.gamned.com/privacy-policy/GeistM Technologies LTDCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner30 dayshttps://geistm.com/en/legal/privacyGemius SACookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner395 dayshttps://www.gemius.com/cookie-policy.htmlGoogle Advertising ProductsCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner396 dayshttps://policies.google.com/privacyGroupM UK LimitedCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner395 dayshttps://www.groupm.com/privacy-noticeLiquidM Technology GmbHCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://liquidm.com/privacy-policy/LiveRamp, Inc.Cookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://liveramp.fr/iab-transparency-consent-framework/Lotame Solutions, incCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner274 dayshttps://www.lotame.com/about-lotame/privacy/lotame-corporate-websites-privacy-policy/Lucid Holdings, LLCCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner730 dayshttps://luc.id/privacy-policy/Mediaforce LTDCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner730 dayshttps://casino.mindthebet.co.uk/themes/mindthebetv2-casino/privacy.phpMediaMath, Inc.Cookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner393 dayshttps://www.mediamath.com/privacy-policy/Meetrics GmbHCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://www.meetrics.com/en/data-privacy/MindTake Research GmbHCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner93 dayshttps://www.mindtake.com/en/reppublika-privacy-policyNEURAL.ONECookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://web.neural.one/privacy-policy/NeuStar, Inc.Cookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner3650 dayshttps://www.home.neustar/privacyNextRoll, Inc.Cookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner395 dayshttps://www.nextroll.com/privacyNielsen Marketing CloudCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner120 dayshttps://www.nielsen.com/us/en/legal/privacy-statement/nielsen-marketing-cloud-privacy-notice/Oracle Data CloudCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner180 dayshttps://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/marketing-cloud-data-cloud-privacy-policy.htmlPowerLinks Media LimitedCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://www.powerlinks.com/privacy-policy/Quantcast International LimitedCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner396 dayshttps://www.quantcast.com/privacy/Rakuten Marketing LLCCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/RevJetCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner730 dayshttps://www.revjet.com/privacyRoku Advertising ServicesCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner730 dayshttps://docs.roku.com/published/userprivacypolicy/en/usRTB House S.A.Cookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://www.rtbhouse.com/privacy-center/services-privacy-policy/Sharethrough, IncCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://platform-cdn.sharethrough.com/privacy-policySimplifi Holdings IncCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner30 dayshttps://simpli.fi/site-privacy-policy/Sizmek by AmazonCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner396 dayshttps://www.sizmek.com/privacy-policy/Smart AdserverCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner390 dayshttps://smartadserver.com/end-user-privacy-policy/Sojern, Inc.Cookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://www.sojern.com/privacy/privacy-policy/The Kantar Group LimitedCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner913 dayshttps://www.kantar.com/cookies-policiesThe Procter & Gamble CompanyCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner395 dayshttps://www.pg.com/privacy/english/privacy_statement.shtmlThe Rubicon Project, Inc.Cookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://www.rubiconproject.com/rubicon-project-yield-optimization-privacy-policy/The Trade DeskCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://www.thetradedesk.com/general/privacy-policyTV SQUARED LIMITEDCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner730 dayshttps://tvsquared.com/privacy-policyVerizon Media EMEA LimitedCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://www.verizonmedia.com/policies/ie/en/verizonmedia/privacy/index.htmlWeboramaCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner397 dayshttps://weborama.com/respect-de-la-vie-privee-2-2/Xandr, Inc.Cookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner90 dayshttps://www.xandr.com/privacy/platform-privacy-policy/ZBO MediaCookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner30 dayshttps://zbo.media/mentions-legales/politique-de-confidentialite-service-publicitaire/Zemanta, Inc.Cookie syncing and/or digital advertising targeting partner365 dayshttps://www.zemanta.com/legal/privacySite Visitors+Strictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Name of the Controller/CookiePurposeExpirationLink to Privacy NoticeGoogle Tag Manager_dc_gtm_UA-xxxxxxxxThis cookie is associated with sites using Google Tag Manager to load other scripts and code into a page. Where it is used it may be regarded as Strictly Necessary as without it, other scripts may not function correctly. The end of the name is a unique number which is also an identifier for an associated Google Analytics account.Sessionhttps://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=enOneTrustOptanonConsentThis cookie is set by the cookie compliance solution from OneTrust. It stores information about the categories of cookies the site uses and whether visitors have given or withdrawn consent for the use of each category. This enables site owners to prevent cookies in each category from being set in the users browser, when consent is not given.1 yearhttps://www.onetrust.com/privacy-notice/OutbraineuropeStores if the user is from Europe1 hourhttps://www.outbrain.com/legal/privacy#privacy-policyPerformance CookiesThese cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our website. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance.Name of the Controller/CookiePurposeExpirationLink to Privacy NoticeUnbounceubvt This service allows site owners to test the effectiveness of different versions of web pages and ensure that visitors consistently see the expected version of a page.3 yearshttps://unbounce.com/privacy/ubvt 3 daysubvs 6 monthsubpv 6 monthsGoogle Universal Analytics_ga This is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the site’s analytics reports14 monthshttps://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en_gid 1 day_ga_NTFSE0FZ9Y 14 monthshotjar_hjIncludedInSample TUniquely identifies a visitor during a single browser session and indicates they are included in an audience sample.Sessionhttps://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/_hjid This cookie is set when the customer first lands on a page with the Hotjar script. It is used to persist the random user ID, unique to that site on the browser. This ensures that behavior in subsequent visits to the same site will be attributed to the same user ID.1 yearkissmetricskm_lv Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.5 yearshttps://www.kissmetrics.io/privacy/km_ai 5 yearsOutbrainobca_vid This cookie installed by Outbrain to set up attribution of the visits of the user in order to measure Marketing campaigns1 yearhttps://www.outbrain.com/legal/privacy#privacy-policyobca_sid This cookie installed by Outbrain to set up attribution of the session of the user in order to measure Marketing campaigns30 minutesobca_data This cookie is installed by Outbrain in order to measure the use of the website for internal analytics.1 yearMicrosoft_clck This cookie name is associated with Microsoft Clarity1 yearTargeting and Advertising CookiesThese cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Name of the Controller/CookiePurposeExpirationLink to Privacy NoticeFacebook_fbp Deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.3 monthshttps://en-us.facebook.com/policy/cookies/Google AdSense_gcl_auUsed for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services3 monthshttps://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=enInteractive Studios_evga_Interaction Studio uses the cookie to allow the sitemap to send user data back to the appropriate dataset2 yearskissmetricskvcd Social Media sharing tracking.Sessionhttps://www.kissmetrics.io/privacy/km_vs 30 minutesLinkedinlang Connected with LinkedIn's marketing services to enable website owners to gain insight into types of users on their site based on LinkedIn profile data, to improve targeting.Sessionlidc Used where website owners have placed one of LinkedIn content sharing buttons in their pages.1 dayhttps://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policybcookie 2 yearsUserMatchHistory 1 monthBingMUID Used where website owners have placed one of LinkedIn content sharing buttons in their pages.1 yearhttps://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatementMUIDB 1 yearDoubleClicktest_cookie Google real time bidding advertising exchange.15 minuteshttps://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=enBusiness Partners+These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Name of the Controller/CookiePurposeExpirationLink to Privacy NoticeGoogle Analytics__utmtThis cookie is used to throttle the request rate for the service - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites.10 minuteshttps://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-USGoogle Analytics__utmzEnables website owners to track visitor behaviour measures of site performance. This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site - so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site.6 monthshttps://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-USKissmetricskm_aiCookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.5 yearshttps://www.kissmetrics.io/privacy/Microsoft_uetsidThis cookie is used by Bing to determine what ads should be shown that may be relevant to the end user perusing the site.24 minuteshttps://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatementKissmetricskm_vsSocial Media sharing tracking cookie.24 minuteshttps://www.kissmetrics.io/privacy/KissmetricsKvcdSocial Media sharing tracking cookie.User Sessionhttps://www.kissmetrics.io/privacy/FacebookFrContains browser and user unique ID combination, used for targeted advertising.3 monthshttps://en-us.facebook.com/policy/cookies/
Effective August 4, 2021
Download
Outbrains Cookie-Tabelle In dieser Cookie-Tabelle erhalten Sie verständliche und umfassende Informationen über die Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, die wir verwenden. Gegebenenfalls setzen wir auf den Geräten, die Sie zur Interaktion mit Outbrain verwenden, Cookies oder ähnliche Dateien wie Pixel-Tags und Web-Beacons, und zwar aus Sicherheitsgründen, zur leichteren Website-Navigation und zur Personalisierung Ihrer Erfahrung bei der Interaktion mit Outbrain als Websitebesucher, Nutzer oder Geschäftspartner. Cookies ermöglichen uns, technische oder für die Navigation erforderliche Informationen zu erfassen, beispielsweise Browsertyp, die Zeit, die Sie mit der Interaktion mit Outbrain verbracht haben, oder die besuchten Seiten. Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzbestimmungen, damit Sie genauer verstehen, wie wir Daten verwenden.
Nutzer
+
Name
Purpose
Expiration
obuid
Holds the anonymous user's ID. Used for tracking user actions, such as clicks on the recommendations
3 months
auid
Holds the advertising ID of the user in mobile devices. Used for tracking user actions, such as clicks on the recommendations
90 days
_ofcap_DOC1
Used for Frequency capping
7 days
recs-{}
Stores the documents we're recommending so that we won't show you the same recommendation on the same
1 minute or refresh
ref-{}
Stores refering doc info - written by redirect on click
1 minute
spuid
Stores the logged in uuid - for logged in users only
12 months
spv
Signals that this user has visited Sphere before (and is considered a sphere user) - For anonymous users
12 months
sprm
Sphere's "remember-me" cookie - for logged in users only
12 months
SPHERE_JSESSIONID
Session identifier
Session
Websitebesucher
+
Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Name
Purpose
Expiration
Group
onetrust.com
OptanonAlertBoxClosed OptanonConsent
Consent and privacy platform
1 year
Strictly Necessary
googletagmanager.com
_dc_gtm_UA-68780923-1
_dc_gtm_UA-71823982-1
These cookie's use Google tag manager to execute scripts
< 1 days
Strictly Necessary
outbrain.com - JSESSIONID
default session cookie that allows login and account functionality
Session
Strictly Necessary
gdpr_europe
This cookie stores if the user is browsing the site with a European IP address.
1 hour
Strictly Necessary
Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
obca_vid
stores a uuid for the visitor
13 Months
Performance
obca_sid
stores a uuid for the session
30 minutes
Performance
obca_data
stores the visitors source based on referral data and UTMs
13 Months
Performance
_vwo_uuid_v2
This cookie name is associated with the product Visual Website Optimiser, by USA based Wingify. The tool helps site owners measure the performance of different versions of web pages. This cookie ensures a visitor always sees the same version of a page and is used to track behaviour to measure the performance of different page versions.
a year
Performance
_ceg.u
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
_gat_UA-71823982-1
This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.
a few seconds
Performance
_ga
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.
2 years
Performance
_gid
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics. This appears to be a new cookie and as of Spring 2017 no information is available from Google. It appears to store and update a unique value for each page visited.
a day
Performance
ubvt
This cookie name is associated with software from Canadian company Unbounce. The service allows site owners to test the effectiveness of different versions of web pages, and ensure that visitors consistently see the expected version of a page.
3 days
Performance
_ceg.s
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
_vis_opt_s
This cookie name is associated with the product Visual Website Optimiser, by USA based Wingify. The tool helps site owners measure the performance of different versions of web pages. This cookie distinguishes between new and returning visitors.
3 months
Performance
__utmt
This cookie is set by Google Analytics. According to their documentation it is used to throttle the request rate for the service - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes
a few seconds
Performance
_gat_UA-294746-7
This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.
a few seconds
Performance
__utmz
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour measure of site performance. This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site - so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site. The cookie has a life span of 6 months and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
6 months
Performance
__utmb
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie determines new sessions and visits and expires after 30 minutes. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. Any activity by a user within the 30 minute life span will count as a single visit, even if the user leaves and then returns to the site. A return after 30 minutes will count as a new visit, but a returning visitor.
21 minutes
Performance
_ceg.s
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
__utma
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie lasts for 2 years by default and distinguishes between users and sessions. It it used to calculate new and returning visitor statistics. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. The lifespan of the cookie can be customised by website owners.
2 years
Performance
km_lv
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
Performance
km_uq
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
Performance
_pk_ses*
This cookie name is associated with the Piwik open source web analytics platform. It is used to help website owners track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is a pattern type cookie, where the prefix _pk_ses is followed by a short series of numbers and letters, which is believed to be a reference code for the domain setting the cookie.
24 minutes
Performance
_pk_id*
This cookie name is associated with the Piwik open source web analytics platform. It is used to help website owners track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is a pattern type cookie, where the prefix _pk_id is followed by a short series of numbers and letters, which is believed to be a reference code for the domain setting the cookie.
a year
Performance
km_ai
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
Performance
__utmc
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is not used in most sites but is set to enable interoperability with the older version of Google Analytics code known as Urchin. In this older versions this was used in combination with the __utmb cookie to identify new sessions/visits for returning visitors. When used by Google Analytics this is always a Session cookie which is destroyed when the user closes their browser. Where it is seen as a Persistent cookie it is therefore likely to be a different technology setting the cookie.
Session
Performance
_ceg.u
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
_vis_opt_test_cookie
This cookie name is associated with the product Visual Website Optimiser, by USA based Wingify. The tool helps site owners measure the performance of different versions of web pages. This cookie tests if the browser is set to allow cookies.
Session
Performance
km_vs
Kissmetrics
24 minutes
Performance
kvcd
Kissmetrics
Session
Performance
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
This cookie is used as a unique identifier to track viewing of videos
a month
Performance
Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
_uetsid
Microsoft Bing Ads Universal Event Tracking
24 minutes
Targeting
datr
This cookie identifies the browser connecting to Facebook. It is not directly tied to individual Facebook the user. Facebook reports that it is used to help with security and suspicious login activity, especially around detection of bots trying to access the service. Facebook also say the behavioural profile associated with each datr cookie is deleted after 10 days. This cookie is also read via Like and other Facebook buttons and tags placed on many different websites.
a year
Targeting
SID
This cookie is used by Google in combination with HSID to verify a Google user account and most recent login time.
a year
Targeting
HSID
Used by Google in combination with SID to verify Google user account and most recent login time
a year
Targeting
fr
Contains browser and user unique ID combinaton, used for targeted advertising.
3 months
Targeting
auth_token
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
15 years
Targeting
demographics
Most likely used for demographic profiling and targeting for advertising
a year
Targeting
lu
Used to manage the login process, remembers user on return visit if they choose to stay logged in.
a year
Targeting
demdex
This cookie helps Adobe Audience Manger perform basic functions such as visitor identification, ID synchronization, segmentation, modeling, reporting, etc.
6 months
Targeting
PREF
This is a common Google cookie, used across several of their services. Stores user preference and can be used to personalise ads on google searches
5 years
Targeting
twll
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
5 years
Targeting
secure_session
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
15 years
Targeting
guest_id
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
a year
Targeting
SID
This cookie is used by Google in combination with HSID to verify a Google user account and most recent login time.
a year
Targeting
remember_checked
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
5 years
Targeting
HSID
Used by Google in combination with SID to verify Google user account and most recent login time
a year
Targeting
datr
This cookie identifies the browser connecting to Facebook. It is not directly tied to individual Facebook the user. Facebook reports that it is used to help with security and suspicious login activity, especially around detection of bots trying to access the service. Facebook also say the behavioural profile associated with each datr cookie is deleted after 10 days. This cookie is also read via Like and other Facebook buttons and tags placed on many different websites.
a year
Targeting
Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
__smScrollBoxShown
Sumome
30 years
Functional
__smToken
Sumome
a year
Functional
__smVID
Sumome
a month
Functional
_hjIncludedInSample
This cookie is associated with web analytics functionality and services from Hot Jar, a Malta based company. It uniquely identifies a visitor during a single browser session and indicates they are included in an audience sample.
Session
Functional
Geschäftspartner
+
Name
Purpose
Expiration
__utmt
This cookie is set by Google Analytics. According to their documentation it is used to throttle the request rate for the service - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes
a few seconds
__utmz
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour measure of site performance. This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site - so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site. The cookie has a life span of 6 months and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
6 months
km_ai
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
_uetsid
Microsoft Bing Ads Universal Event Tracking
24 minutes
km_vs
Kissmetrics
24 minutes
Kvcd
Kissmetrics
Session
Fr
Contains browser and user unique ID combinaton, used for targeted advertising.
3 months
demographics
Most likely used for demographic profiling and targeting for advertising
a year
Effective August 4, 2021
Download
Tabla de cookies de Outbrain La presente Tabla de cookies te facilita información clara y completa sobre las cookies y otras tecnologías similares que utilizamos. Es posible que introduzcamos cookies o archivos similares, como etiquetas de píxel y balizas web (web beacons), en los dispositivos que utilices para interactuar con Outbrain por motivos de seguridad, para facilitar la navegación por el sitio y para personalizar tu experiencia cuando interactúes con Outbrain como Visitante del Sitio, Usuario o Socio comercial. Las cookies nos permiten recopilar información técnica y de navegación, como el tipo de navegador, el tiempo que interactúas con Outbrain y las páginas visitadas. Por favor, lee la Política de privacidad para entender mejor cómo utilizamos los datos.
Utenti
+
Name
Purpose
Expiration
obuid
Holds the anonymous user's ID. Used for tracking user actions, such as clicks on the recommendations
3 months
auid
Holds the advertising ID of the user in mobile devices. Used for tracking user actions, such as clicks on the recommendations
90 days
_ofcap_DOC1
Used for Frequency capping
7 days
recs-{}
Stores the documents we're recommending so that we won't show you the same recommendation on the same
1 minute or refresh
ref-{}
Stores refering doc info - written by redirect on click
1 minute
spuid
Stores the logged in uuid - for logged in users only
12 months
spv
Signals that this user has visited Sphere before (and is considered a sphere user) - For anonymous users
12 months
sprm
Sphere's "remember-me" cookie - for logged in users only
12 months
SPHERE_JSESSIONID
Session identifier
Session
Visitantes del sitio
+
Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Name
Purpose
Expiration
Group
onetrust.com
OptanonAlertBoxClosed OptanonConsent
Consent and privacy platform
1 year
Strictly Necessary
googletagmanager.com
_dc_gtm_UA-68780923-1
_dc_gtm_UA-71823982-1
These cookie's use Google tag manager to execute scripts
< 1 days
Strictly Necessary
outbrain.com - JSESSIONID
default session cookie that allows login and account functionality
Session
Strictly Necessary
gdpr_europe
This cookie stores if the user is browsing the site with a European IP address.
1 hour
Strictly Necessary
Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
obca_vid
stores a uuid for the visitor
13 Months
Performance
obca_sid
stores a uuid for the session
30 minutes
Performance
obca_data
stores the visitors source based on referral data and UTMs
13 Months
Performance
_vwo_uuid_v2
This cookie name is associated with the product Visual Website Optimiser, by USA based Wingify. The tool helps site owners measure the performance of different versions of web pages. This cookie ensures a visitor always sees the same version of a page and is used to track behaviour to measure the performance of different page versions.
a year
Performance
_ceg.u
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
_gat_UA-71823982-1
This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.
a few seconds
Performance
_ga
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.
2 years
Performance
_gid
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics. This appears to be a new cookie and as of Spring 2017 no information is available from Google. It appears to store and update a unique value for each page visited.
a day
Performance
ubvt
This cookie name is associated with software from Canadian company Unbounce. The service allows site owners to test the effectiveness of different versions of web pages, and ensure that visitors consistently see the expected version of a page.
3 days
Performance
_ceg.s
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
_vis_opt_s
This cookie name is associated with the product Visual Website Optimiser, by USA based Wingify. The tool helps site owners measure the performance of different versions of web pages. This cookie distinguishes between new and returning visitors.
3 months
Performance
__utmt
This cookie is set by Google Analytics. According to their documentation it is used to throttle the request rate for the service - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes
a few seconds
Performance
_gat_UA-294746-7
This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.
a few seconds
Performance
__utmz
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour measure of site performance. This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site - so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site. The cookie has a life span of 6 months and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
6 months
Performance
__utmb
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie determines new sessions and visits and expires after 30 minutes. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. Any activity by a user within the 30 minute life span will count as a single visit, even if the user leaves and then returns to the site. A return after 30 minutes will count as a new visit, but a returning visitor.
21 minutes
Performance
_ceg.s
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
__utma
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie lasts for 2 years by default and distinguishes between users and sessions. It it used to calculate new and returning visitor statistics. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. The lifespan of the cookie can be customised by website owners.
2 years
Performance
km_lv
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
Performance
km_uq
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
Performance
_pk_ses*
This cookie name is associated with the Piwik open source web analytics platform. It is used to help website owners track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is a pattern type cookie, where the prefix _pk_ses is followed by a short series of numbers and letters, which is believed to be a reference code for the domain setting the cookie.
24 minutes
Performance
_pk_id*
This cookie name is associated with the Piwik open source web analytics platform. It is used to help website owners track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is a pattern type cookie, where the prefix _pk_id is followed by a short series of numbers and letters, which is believed to be a reference code for the domain setting the cookie.
a year
Performance
km_ai
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
Performance
__utmc
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is not used in most sites but is set to enable interoperability with the older version of Google Analytics code known as Urchin. In this older versions this was used in combination with the __utmb cookie to identify new sessions/visits for returning visitors. When used by Google Analytics this is always a Session cookie which is destroyed when the user closes their browser. Where it is seen as a Persistent cookie it is therefore likely to be a different technology setting the cookie.
Session
Performance
_ceg.u
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
_vis_opt_test_cookie
This cookie name is associated with the product Visual Website Optimiser, by USA based Wingify. The tool helps site owners measure the performance of different versions of web pages. This cookie tests if the browser is set to allow cookies.
Session
Performance
km_vs
Kissmetrics
24 minutes
Performance
kvcd
Kissmetrics
Session
Performance
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
This cookie is used as a unique identifier to track viewing of videos
a month
Performance
Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
_uetsid
Microsoft Bing Ads Universal Event Tracking
24 minutes
Targeting
datr
This cookie identifies the browser connecting to Facebook. It is not directly tied to individual Facebook the user. Facebook reports that it is used to help with security and suspicious login activity, especially around detection of bots trying to access the service. Facebook also say the behavioural profile associated with each datr cookie is deleted after 10 days. This cookie is also read via Like and other Facebook buttons and tags placed on many different websites.
a year
Targeting
SID
This cookie is used by Google in combination with HSID to verify a Google user account and most recent login time.
a year
Targeting
HSID
Used by Google in combination with SID to verify Google user account and most recent login time
a year
Targeting
fr
Contains browser and user unique ID combinaton, used for targeted advertising.
3 months
Targeting
auth_token
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
15 years
Targeting
demographics
Most likely used for demographic profiling and targeting for advertising
a year
Targeting
lu
Used to manage the login process, remembers user on return visit if they choose to stay logged in.
a year
Targeting
demdex
This cookie helps Adobe Audience Manger perform basic functions such as visitor identification, ID synchronization, segmentation, modeling, reporting, etc.
6 months
Targeting
PREF
This is a common Google cookie, used across several of their services. Stores user preference and can be used to personalise ads on google searches
5 years
Targeting
twll
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
5 years
Targeting
secure_session
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
15 years
Targeting
guest_id
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
a year
Targeting
SID
This cookie is used by Google in combination with HSID to verify a Google user account and most recent login time.
a year
Targeting
remember_checked
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
5 years
Targeting
HSID
Used by Google in combination with SID to verify Google user account and most recent login time
a year
Targeting
datr
This cookie identifies the browser connecting to Facebook. It is not directly tied to individual Facebook the user. Facebook reports that it is used to help with security and suspicious login activity, especially around detection of bots trying to access the service. Facebook also say the behavioural profile associated with each datr cookie is deleted after 10 days. This cookie is also read via Like and other Facebook buttons and tags placed on many different websites.
a year
Targeting
Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
__smScrollBoxShown
Sumome
30 years
Functional
__smToken
Sumome
a year
Functional
__smVID
Sumome
a month
Functional
_hjIncludedInSample
This cookie is associated with web analytics functionality and services from Hot Jar, a Malta based company. It uniquely identifies a visitor during a single browser session and indicates they are included in an audience sample.
Session
Functional
Socios comerciales
+
Name
Purpose
Expiration
__utmt
This cookie is set by Google Analytics. According to their documentation it is used to throttle the request rate for the service - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes
a few seconds
__utmz
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour measure of site performance. This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site - so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site. The cookie has a life span of 6 months and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
6 months
km_ai
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
_uetsid
Microsoft Bing Ads Universal Event Tracking
24 minutes
km_vs
Kissmetrics
24 minutes
Kvcd
Kissmetrics
Session
Fr
Contains browser and user unique ID combinaton, used for targeted advertising.
3 months
demographics
Most likely used for demographic profiling and targeting for advertising
a year
Effective August 4, 2021
Download
Table des cookies d’Outbrain Cette Table des cookies vous donne des informations claires et détaillées sur les cookies et autres technologies similaires que nous utilisons. Nous sommes susceptibles de déposer des cookies ou autres fichiers similaires comme des balises pixel ou des balises Web sur les appareils que vous utilisez en lien avec Outbrain pour des raisons de sécurité, pour faciliter la navigation dans le site, ou personnaliser votre expérience quand vous interagissez avec Outbrain en tant que Visiteur du Site, Utilisateur ou Partenaire commercial. Les cookies nous permettent de collecter des données techniques et de navigation, comme le type de navigateur, le temps passé à interagir avec Outbrain et les pages visitées. Veuillez lire la Politique de confidentialité pour mieux comprendre comment nous utilisons les cookies suivants.
Utilisateurs
+
Name
Purpose
Expiration
obuid
Holds the anonymous user's ID. Used for tracking user actions, such as clicks on the recommendations
3 months
auid
Holds the advertising ID of the user in mobile devices. Used for tracking user actions, such as clicks on the recommendations
90 days
_ofcap_DOC1
Used for Frequency capping
7 days
recs-{}
Stores the documents we're recommending so that we won't show you the same recommendation on the same
1 minute or refresh
ref-{}
Stores refering doc info - written by redirect on click
1 minute
spuid
Stores the logged in uuid - for logged in users only
12 months
spv
Signals that this user has visited Sphere before (and is considered a sphere user) - For anonymous users
12 months
sprm
Sphere's "remember-me" cookie - for logged in users only
12 months
SPHERE_JSESSIONID
Session identifier
Session
Visiteurs du site
+
Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Name
Purpose
Expiration
Group
onetrust.com
OptanonAlertBoxClosed OptanonConsent
Consent and privacy platform
1 year
Strictly Necessary
googletagmanager.com
_dc_gtm_UA-68780923-1
_dc_gtm_UA-71823982-1
These cookie's use Google tag manager to execute scripts
< 1 days
Strictly Necessary
outbrain.com - JSESSIONID
default session cookie that allows login and account functionality
Session
Strictly Necessary
gdpr_europe
This cookie stores if the user is browsing the site with a European IP address.
1 hour
Strictly Necessary
Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
obca_vid
stores a uuid for the visitor
13 Months
Performance
obca_sid
stores a uuid for the session
30 minutes
Performance
obca_data
stores the visitors source based on referral data and UTMs
13 Months
Performance
_vwo_uuid_v2
This cookie name is associated with the product Visual Website Optimiser, by USA based Wingify. The tool helps site owners measure the performance of different versions of web pages. This cookie ensures a visitor always sees the same version of a page and is used to track behaviour to measure the performance of different page versions.
a year
Performance
_ceg.u
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
_gat_UA-71823982-1
This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.
a few seconds
Performance
_ga
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.
2 years
Performance
_gid
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics. This appears to be a new cookie and as of Spring 2017 no information is available from Google. It appears to store and update a unique value for each page visited.
a day
Performance
ubvt
This cookie name is associated with software from Canadian company Unbounce. The service allows site owners to test the effectiveness of different versions of web pages, and ensure that visitors consistently see the expected version of a page.
3 days
Performance
_ceg.s
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
_vis_opt_s
This cookie name is associated with the product Visual Website Optimiser, by USA based Wingify. The tool helps site owners measure the performance of different versions of web pages. This cookie distinguishes between new and returning visitors.
3 months
Performance
__utmt
This cookie is set by Google Analytics. According to their documentation it is used to throttle the request rate for the service - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes
a few seconds
Performance
_gat_UA-294746-7
This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.
a few seconds
Performance
__utmz
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour measure of site performance. This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site - so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site. The cookie has a life span of 6 months and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
6 months
Performance
__utmb
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie determines new sessions and visits and expires after 30 minutes. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. Any activity by a user within the 30 minute life span will count as a single visit, even if the user leaves and then returns to the site. A return after 30 minutes will count as a new visit, but a returning visitor.
21 minutes
Performance
_ceg.s
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
__utma
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie lasts for 2 years by default and distinguishes between users and sessions. It it used to calculate new and returning visitor statistics. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. The lifespan of the cookie can be customised by website owners.
2 years
Performance
km_lv
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
Performance
km_uq
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
Performance
_pk_ses*
This cookie name is associated with the Piwik open source web analytics platform. It is used to help website owners track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is a pattern type cookie, where the prefix _pk_ses is followed by a short series of numbers and letters, which is believed to be a reference code for the domain setting the cookie.
24 minutes
Performance
_pk_id*
This cookie name is associated with the Piwik open source web analytics platform. It is used to help website owners track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is a pattern type cookie, where the prefix _pk_id is followed by a short series of numbers and letters, which is believed to be a reference code for the domain setting the cookie.
a year
Performance
km_ai
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
Performance
__utmc
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is not used in most sites but is set to enable interoperability with the older version of Google Analytics code known as Urchin. In this older versions this was used in combination with the __utmb cookie to identify new sessions/visits for returning visitors. When used by Google Analytics this is always a Session cookie which is destroyed when the user closes their browser. Where it is seen as a Persistent cookie it is therefore likely to be a different technology setting the cookie.
Session
Performance
_ceg.u
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
_vis_opt_test_cookie
This cookie name is associated with the product Visual Website Optimiser, by USA based Wingify. The tool helps site owners measure the performance of different versions of web pages. This cookie tests if the browser is set to allow cookies.
Session
Performance
km_vs
Kissmetrics
24 minutes
Performance
kvcd
Kissmetrics
Session
Performance
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
This cookie is used as a unique identifier to track viewing of videos
a month
Performance
Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
_uetsid
Microsoft Bing Ads Universal Event Tracking
24 minutes
Targeting
datr
This cookie identifies the browser connecting to Facebook. It is not directly tied to individual Facebook the user. Facebook reports that it is used to help with security and suspicious login activity, especially around detection of bots trying to access the service. Facebook also say the behavioural profile associated with each datr cookie is deleted after 10 days. This cookie is also read via Like and other Facebook buttons and tags placed on many different websites.
a year
Targeting
SID
This cookie is used by Google in combination with HSID to verify a Google user account and most recent login time.
a year
Targeting
HSID
Used by Google in combination with SID to verify Google user account and most recent login time
a year
Targeting
fr
Contains browser and user unique ID combinaton, used for targeted advertising.
3 months
Targeting
auth_token
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
15 years
Targeting
demographics
Most likely used for demographic profiling and targeting for advertising
a year
Targeting
lu
Used to manage the login process, remembers user on return visit if they choose to stay logged in.
a year
Targeting
demdex
This cookie helps Adobe Audience Manger perform basic functions such as visitor identification, ID synchronization, segmentation, modeling, reporting, etc.
6 months
Targeting
PREF
This is a common Google cookie, used across several of their services. Stores user preference and can be used to personalise ads on google searches
5 years
Targeting
twll
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
5 years
Targeting
secure_session
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
15 years
Targeting
guest_id
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
a year
Targeting
SID
This cookie is used by Google in combination with HSID to verify a Google user account and most recent login time.
a year
Targeting
remember_checked
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
5 years
Targeting
HSID
Used by Google in combination with SID to verify Google user account and most recent login time
a year
Targeting
datr
This cookie identifies the browser connecting to Facebook. It is not directly tied to individual Facebook the user. Facebook reports that it is used to help with security and suspicious login activity, especially around detection of bots trying to access the service. Facebook also say the behavioural profile associated with each datr cookie is deleted after 10 days. This cookie is also read via Like and other Facebook buttons and tags placed on many different websites.
a year
Targeting
Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
__smScrollBoxShown
Sumome
30 years
Functional
__smToken
Sumome
a year
Functional
__smVID
Sumome
a month
Functional
_hjIncludedInSample
This cookie is associated with web analytics functionality and services from Hot Jar, a Malta based company. It uniquely identifies a visitor during a single browser session and indicates they are included in an audience sample.
Session
Functional
Partenaires commerciaux
+
Name
Purpose
Expiration
__utmt
This cookie is set by Google Analytics. According to their documentation it is used to throttle the request rate for the service - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes
a few seconds
__utmz
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour measure of site performance. This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site - so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site. The cookie has a life span of 6 months and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
6 months
km_ai
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
_uetsid
Microsoft Bing Ads Universal Event Tracking
24 minutes
km_vs
Kissmetrics
24 minutes
Kvcd
Kissmetrics
Session
Fr
Contains browser and user unique ID combinaton, used for targeted advertising.
3 months
demographics
Most likely used for demographic profiling and targeting for advertising
a year
Effective August 4, 2021
Download
Tabella dei cookie di Outbrain La presente tabella dei cookie fornisce informazioni chiare complete sui cookie e su altre tecnologie simili che utilizziamo. Possiamo installare cookie o file analoghi quali pixel tag e web beacon sui dispositivi che utilizzi per interagire con Outbrain per finalità di sicurezza, per facilitare la navigazione sul sito e per personalizzare la tua esperienza quando interagisci con Outbrain in veste di Visitatore del sito, Utente o Partner commerciale. I cookie ci consentono di raccogliere informazioni tecniche e sulla navigazione, quali il tipo di browser, il tempo che hai trascorso interagendo con Outbrain e le pagine visitate. Si raccomanda di leggere la politica sulla privacy per capire meglio come utilizziamo i dati.
Utenti
+
Name
Purpose
Expiration
obuid
Holds the anonymous user's ID. Used for tracking user actions, such as clicks on the recommendations
3 months
auid
Holds the advertising ID of the user in mobile devices. Used for tracking user actions, such as clicks on the recommendations
90 days
_ofcap_DOC1
Used for Frequency capping
7 days
recs-{}
Stores the documents we're recommending so that we won't show you the same recommendation on the same
1 minute or refresh
ref-{}
Stores refering doc info - written by redirect on click
1 minute
spuid
Stores the logged in uuid - for logged in users only
12 months
spv
Signals that this user has visited Sphere before (and is considered a sphere user) - For anonymous users
12 months
sprm
Sphere's "remember-me" cookie - for logged in users only
12 months
SPHERE_JSESSIONID
Session identifier
Session
Visitatori del sito
+
Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Name
Purpose
Expiration
Group
onetrust.com
OptanonAlertBoxClosed OptanonConsent
Consent and privacy platform
1 year
Strictly Necessary
googletagmanager.com
_dc_gtm_UA-68780923-1
_dc_gtm_UA-71823982-1
These cookie's use Google tag manager to execute scripts
< 1 days
Strictly Necessary
outbrain.com - JSESSIONID
default session cookie that allows login and account functionality
Session
Strictly Necessary
gdpr_europe
This cookie stores if the user is browsing the site with a European IP address.
1 hour
Strictly Necessary
Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
obca_vid
stores a uuid for the visitor
13 Months
Performance
obca_sid
stores a uuid for the session
30 minutes
Performance
obca_data
stores the visitors source based on referral data and UTMs
13 Months
Performance
_vwo_uuid_v2
This cookie name is associated with the product Visual Website Optimiser, by USA based Wingify. The tool helps site owners measure the performance of different versions of web pages. This cookie ensures a visitor always sees the same version of a page and is used to track behaviour to measure the performance of different page versions.
a year
Performance
_ceg.u
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
_gat_UA-71823982-1
This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.
a few seconds
Performance
_ga
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.
2 years
Performance
_gid
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics. This appears to be a new cookie and as of Spring 2017 no information is available from Google. It appears to store and update a unique value for each page visited.
a day
Performance
ubvt
This cookie name is associated with software from Canadian company Unbounce. The service allows site owners to test the effectiveness of different versions of web pages, and ensure that visitors consistently see the expected version of a page.
3 days
Performance
_ceg.s
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
_vis_opt_s
This cookie name is associated with the product Visual Website Optimiser, by USA based Wingify. The tool helps site owners measure the performance of different versions of web pages. This cookie distinguishes between new and returning visitors.
3 months
Performance
__utmt
This cookie is set by Google Analytics. According to their documentation it is used to throttle the request rate for the service - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes
a few seconds
Performance
_gat_UA-294746-7
This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.
a few seconds
Performance
__utmz
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour measure of site performance. This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site - so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site. The cookie has a life span of 6 months and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
6 months
Performance
__utmb
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie determines new sessions and visits and expires after 30 minutes. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. Any activity by a user within the 30 minute life span will count as a single visit, even if the user leaves and then returns to the site. A return after 30 minutes will count as a new visit, but a returning visitor.
21 minutes
Performance
_ceg.s
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
__utma
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie lasts for 2 years by default and distinguishes between users and sessions. It it used to calculate new and returning visitor statistics. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. The lifespan of the cookie can be customised by website owners.
2 years
Performance
km_lv
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
Performance
km_uq
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
Performance
_pk_ses*
This cookie name is associated with the Piwik open source web analytics platform. It is used to help website owners track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is a pattern type cookie, where the prefix _pk_ses is followed by a short series of numbers and letters, which is believed to be a reference code for the domain setting the cookie.
24 minutes
Performance
_pk_id*
This cookie name is associated with the Piwik open source web analytics platform. It is used to help website owners track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is a pattern type cookie, where the prefix _pk_id is followed by a short series of numbers and letters, which is believed to be a reference code for the domain setting the cookie.
a year
Performance
km_ai
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
Performance
__utmc
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is not used in most sites but is set to enable interoperability with the older version of Google Analytics code known as Urchin. In this older versions this was used in combination with the __utmb cookie to identify new sessions/visits for returning visitors. When used by Google Analytics this is always a Session cookie which is destroyed when the user closes their browser. Where it is seen as a Persistent cookie it is therefore likely to be a different technology setting the cookie.
Session
Performance
_ceg.u
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
_vis_opt_test_cookie
This cookie name is associated with the product Visual Website Optimiser, by USA based Wingify. The tool helps site owners measure the performance of different versions of web pages. This cookie tests if the browser is set to allow cookies.
Session
Performance
km_vs
Kissmetrics
24 minutes
Performance
kvcd
Kissmetrics
Session
Performance
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
This cookie is used as a unique identifier to track viewing of videos
a month
Performance
Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
_uetsid
Microsoft Bing Ads Universal Event Tracking
24 minutes
Targeting
datr
This cookie identifies the browser connecting to Facebook. It is not directly tied to individual Facebook the user. Facebook reports that it is used to help with security and suspicious login activity, especially around detection of bots trying to access the service. Facebook also say the behavioural profile associated with each datr cookie is deleted after 10 days. This cookie is also read via Like and other Facebook buttons and tags placed on many different websites.
a year
Targeting
SID
This cookie is used by Google in combination with HSID to verify a Google user account and most recent login time.
a year
Targeting
HSID
Used by Google in combination with SID to verify Google user account and most recent login time
a year
Targeting
fr
Contains browser and user unique ID combinaton, used for targeted advertising.
3 months
Targeting
auth_token
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
15 years
Targeting
demographics
Most likely used for demographic profiling and targeting for advertising
a year
Targeting
lu
Used to manage the login process, remembers user on return visit if they choose to stay logged in.
a year
Targeting
demdex
This cookie helps Adobe Audience Manger perform basic functions such as visitor identification, ID synchronization, segmentation, modeling, reporting, etc.
6 months
Targeting
PREF
This is a common Google cookie, used across several of their services. Stores user preference and can be used to personalise ads on google searches
5 years
Targeting
twll
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
5 years
Targeting
secure_session
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
15 years
Targeting
guest_id
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
a year
Targeting
SID
This cookie is used by Google in combination with HSID to verify a Google user account and most recent login time.
a year
Targeting
remember_checked
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
5 years
Targeting
HSID
Used by Google in combination with SID to verify Google user account and most recent login time
a year
Targeting
datr
This cookie identifies the browser connecting to Facebook. It is not directly tied to individual Facebook the user. Facebook reports that it is used to help with security and suspicious login activity, especially around detection of bots trying to access the service. Facebook also say the behavioural profile associated with each datr cookie is deleted after 10 days. This cookie is also read via Like and other Facebook buttons and tags placed on many different websites.
a year
Targeting
Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
__smScrollBoxShown
Sumome
30 years
Functional
__smToken
Sumome
a year
Functional
__smVID
Sumome
a month
Functional
_hjIncludedInSample
This cookie is associated with web analytics functionality and services from Hot Jar, a Malta based company. It uniquely identifies a visitor during a single browser session and indicates they are included in an audience sample.
Session
Functional
Partner commerciali
+
Name
Purpose
Expiration
__utmt
This cookie is set by Google Analytics. According to their documentation it is used to throttle the request rate for the service - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes
a few seconds
__utmz
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour measure of site performance. This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site - so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site. The cookie has a life span of 6 months and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
6 months
km_ai
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
_uetsid
Microsoft Bing Ads Universal Event Tracking
24 minutes
km_vs
Kissmetrics
24 minutes
Kvcd
Kissmetrics
Session
Fr
Contains browser and user unique ID combinaton, used for targeted advertising.
3 months
demographics
Most likely used for demographic profiling and targeting for advertising
a year
Effective August 4, 2021
Download
TABELA DE COOKIES DA OUTBRAIN Esta tabela de cookies fornece informações claras e completas sobre os cookies e outras tecnologias similares usadas por nós.
Podemos instalar cookies ou arquivos similares como pixel tags ou web beacons nos aparelhos que você usa para interagir com a Outbrain, por fins de segurança, para facilitar a navegação no site e para personalizar sua experiência ao interagir com a Outbrain como Visitante do Site, Usuário ou Parceiro Comercial. Cookies nos permitem coletar informações técnicas e relacionadas à navegação, como tipo de navegador, tempo gasto por você na interação com a Outbrain e páginas visitadas. Leia a Política de Privacidade para compreender melhor como usamos os dados.
Usuários
+
Name
Purpose
Expiration
obuid
Holds the anonymous user's ID. Used for tracking user actions, such as clicks on the recommendations
3 months
auid
Holds the advertising ID of the user in mobile devices. Used for tracking user actions, such as clicks on the recommendations
90 days
_ofcap_DOC1
Used for Frequency capping
7 days
recs-{}
Stores the documents we're recommending so that we won't show you the same recommendation on the same
1 minute or refresh
ref-{}
Stores refering doc info - written by redirect on click
1 minute
spuid
Stores the logged in uuid - for logged in users only
12 months
spv
Signals that this user has visited Sphere before (and is considered a sphere user) - For anonymous users
12 months
sprm
Sphere's "remember-me" cookie - for logged in users only
12 months
SPHERE_JSESSIONID
Session identifier
Session
Visitantes do Site
+
Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Name
Purpose
Expiration
Group
onetrust.com
OptanonAlertBoxClosed OptanonConsent
Consent and privacy platform
1 year
Strictly Necessary
googletagmanager.com
_dc_gtm_UA-68780923-1
_dc_gtm_UA-71823982-1
These cookie's use Google tag manager to execute scripts
< 1 days
Strictly Necessary
outbrain.com - JSESSIONID
default session cookie that allows login and account functionality
Session
Strictly Necessary
gdpr_europe
This cookie stores if the user is browsing the site with a European IP address.
1 hour
Strictly Necessary
Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
obca_vid
stores a uuid for the visitor
13 Months
Performance
obca_sid
stores a uuid for the session
30 minutes
Performance
obca_data
stores the visitors source based on referral data and UTMs
13 Months
Performance
_vwo_uuid_v2
This cookie name is associated with the product Visual Website Optimiser, by USA based Wingify. The tool helps site owners measure the performance of different versions of web pages. This cookie ensures a visitor always sees the same version of a page and is used to track behaviour to measure the performance of different page versions.
a year
Performance
_ceg.u
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
_gat_UA-71823982-1
This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.
a few seconds
Performance
_ga
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.
2 years
Performance
_gid
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics. This appears to be a new cookie and as of Spring 2017 no information is available from Google. It appears to store and update a unique value for each page visited.
a day
Performance
ubvt
This cookie name is associated with software from Canadian company Unbounce. The service allows site owners to test the effectiveness of different versions of web pages, and ensure that visitors consistently see the expected version of a page.
3 days
Performance
_ceg.s
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
_vis_opt_s
This cookie name is associated with the product Visual Website Optimiser, by USA based Wingify. The tool helps site owners measure the performance of different versions of web pages. This cookie distinguishes between new and returning visitors.
3 months
Performance
__utmt
This cookie is set by Google Analytics. According to their documentation it is used to throttle the request rate for the service - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes
a few seconds
Performance
_gat_UA-294746-7
This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.
a few seconds
Performance
__utmz
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour measure of site performance. This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site - so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site. The cookie has a life span of 6 months and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
6 months
Performance
__utmb
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie determines new sessions and visits and expires after 30 minutes. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. Any activity by a user within the 30 minute life span will count as a single visit, even if the user leaves and then returns to the site. A return after 30 minutes will count as a new visit, but a returning visitor.
21 minutes
Performance
_ceg.s
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
__utma
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie lasts for 2 years by default and distinguishes between users and sessions. It it used to calculate new and returning visitor statistics. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. The lifespan of the cookie can be customised by website owners.
2 years
Performance
km_lv
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
Performance
km_uq
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
Performance
_pk_ses*
This cookie name is associated with the Piwik open source web analytics platform. It is used to help website owners track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is a pattern type cookie, where the prefix _pk_ses is followed by a short series of numbers and letters, which is believed to be a reference code for the domain setting the cookie.
24 minutes
Performance
_pk_id*
This cookie name is associated with the Piwik open source web analytics platform. It is used to help website owners track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is a pattern type cookie, where the prefix _pk_id is followed by a short series of numbers and letters, which is believed to be a reference code for the domain setting the cookie.
a year
Performance
km_ai
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
Performance
__utmc
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is not used in most sites but is set to enable interoperability with the older version of Google Analytics code known as Urchin. In this older versions this was used in combination with the __utmb cookie to identify new sessions/visits for returning visitors. When used by Google Analytics this is always a Session cookie which is destroyed when the user closes their browser. Where it is seen as a Persistent cookie it is therefore likely to be a different technology setting the cookie.
Session
Performance
_ceg.u
This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site.
3 months
Performance
_vis_opt_test_cookie
This cookie name is associated with the product Visual Website Optimiser, by USA based Wingify. The tool helps site owners measure the performance of different versions of web pages. This cookie tests if the browser is set to allow cookies.
Session
Performance
km_vs
Kissmetrics
24 minutes
Performance
kvcd
Kissmetrics
Session
Performance
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
This cookie is used as a unique identifier to track viewing of videos
a month
Performance
Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
_uetsid
Microsoft Bing Ads Universal Event Tracking
24 minutes
Targeting
datr
This cookie identifies the browser connecting to Facebook. It is not directly tied to individual Facebook the user. Facebook reports that it is used to help with security and suspicious login activity, especially around detection of bots trying to access the service. Facebook also say the behavioural profile associated with each datr cookie is deleted after 10 days. This cookie is also read via Like and other Facebook buttons and tags placed on many different websites.
a year
Targeting
SID
This cookie is used by Google in combination with HSID to verify a Google user account and most recent login time.
a year
Targeting
HSID
Used by Google in combination with SID to verify Google user account and most recent login time
a year
Targeting
fr
Contains browser and user unique ID combinaton, used for targeted advertising.
3 months
Targeting
auth_token
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
15 years
Targeting
demographics
Most likely used for demographic profiling and targeting for advertising
a year
Targeting
lu
Used to manage the login process, remembers user on return visit if they choose to stay logged in.
a year
Targeting
demdex
This cookie helps Adobe Audience Manger perform basic functions such as visitor identification, ID synchronization, segmentation, modeling, reporting, etc.
6 months
Targeting
PREF
This is a common Google cookie, used across several of their services. Stores user preference and can be used to personalise ads on google searches
5 years
Targeting
twll
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
5 years
Targeting
secure_session
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
15 years
Targeting
guest_id
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
a year
Targeting
SID
This cookie is used by Google in combination with HSID to verify a Google user account and most recent login time.
a year
Targeting
remember_checked
Twitter does not currently provide information on the use of specific cookies.
5 years
Targeting
HSID
Used by Google in combination with SID to verify Google user account and most recent login time
a year
Targeting
datr
This cookie identifies the browser connecting to Facebook. It is not directly tied to individual Facebook the user. Facebook reports that it is used to help with security and suspicious login activity, especially around detection of bots trying to access the service. Facebook also say the behavioural profile associated with each datr cookie is deleted after 10 days. This cookie is also read via Like and other Facebook buttons and tags placed on many different websites.
a year
Targeting
Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
__smScrollBoxShown
Sumome
30 years
Functional
__smToken
Sumome
a year
Functional
__smVID
Sumome
a month
Functional
_hjIncludedInSample
This cookie is associated with web analytics functionality and services from Hot Jar, a Malta based company. It uniquely identifies a visitor during a single browser session and indicates they are included in an audience sample.
Session
Functional
Parceiros Comercials
+
Name
Purpose
Expiration
__utmt
This cookie is set by Google Analytics. According to their documentation it is used to throttle the request rate for the service - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes
a few seconds
__utmz
This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour measure of site performance. This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site - so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site. The cookie has a life span of 6 months and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
6 months
km_ai
Cookie set by Kissmetrics analytics service. Used to provide site owners with information about how visitors use the site.
5 years
_uetsid
Microsoft Bing Ads Universal Event Tracking
24 minutes
km_vs
Kissmetrics
24 minutes
Kvcd
Kissmetrics
Session
Fr
Contains browser and user unique ID combinaton, used for targeted advertising.
3 months
demographics
Most likely used for demographic profiling and targeting for advertising
a year
Security
Version 1.0
Effective October 4, 2019
Download
Table of Contents
SECURITY STATEMENT Outbrain values its customers’ security and is therefore committed to ensuring that our services remain secure. The security controls that Outbrain uses to protect your data vary based on the sensitivity of the information that it collects, processes and stores, as well as the current state of technology advancements. Outbrain knows that trust and your security are extremely important to you and your business, and we take protecting them seriously. In order to safeguard Outbrain information in accordance with these principles, effective security controls, practices and procedures are implemented at all levels across our infrastructure and products. Outbrain’s Information Security professionals consist of experts with vast and relevant experience in cyber security, security infrastructure, secure development, privacy and regulations. Outbrain security team certifications include, but are not
limited to CISSP, CISA, CRISC C|CISO and CCSK.SECURE DEVELOPMENT Outbrain is an agile company. It has defined a software development process that is adaptive to an ever-changing and competitive market environment. New staff across the company are trained in Secure Software Development LifeCycle (SSDLC) practices. New product initiatives are reviewed by the security team according to SbD (Security by Design) and PbD (Privacy by Design) concepts at the design phase. System code is tested against known vulnerabilities (e.g, OWASP top 10). Existing core systems and infrastructure are tested for security vulnerabilities periodically. In some instances testing is conducted by automatic scanners as well as manually by external independent parties. Outbrain runs a Security 'Bug Bounty' Program. Researchers who have found a vulnerability may contact security@outbrain.com and ask to join the program.ENCRYPTION Outbrain uses encryption to protect sensitive information which aides with compliance with statutory, regulatory and contractual requirements. Outbrain uses cryptographic algorithms, key lengths and strength, which are approved first by the security team in accordance with industry best practices. Outbrain supports HTTPS secure browsing and encrypts metadata related to the Outbrain widget (e.g., links, clicks).ACCESS CONTROL Access to the production environment is restricted to authorized personnel only. Authorized personnel are authenticated via a unique user account, password and two-factor authentication system before establishing a secured VPN session. Outbrain employees use a Single-Sign-On (SSO) service to enhance security across multitude information systems.AVAILABILITY AND CONTINUITY We're committed to making Outbrain a highly available and reliable service. We build systems that tolerate the failure of both individual components or a whole datacenter. We practice disaster-recovery measures and have on-call staff to quickly resolve unexpected incidents. Outbrain applies extensive monitoring of services and components by using advanced monitoring systems. Our monitoring methodology aims to predict issues that cause serving problems and resolve them before they occur. The beating heart of Outbrain is its data center. Therefore, we deploy three ‘Tier-3, SOC 2’ compliant “hearts” secured in three different locations, where data is being constantly replicated.ISO/IEC 27001 CERTIFICATION The ISO 27000s family of standards helps organizations keep information assets secure. ISO/IEC 27001 is the best-known standard in the ISO 27000s family and provides requirements for an Information Security Management System (ISMS). ISO/IEC 27001:
Enables Outbrain to better manage the security of its assets (such as financial information, intellectual property, employee details or information entrusted to Outbrain by third parties); Provides customers and stakeholders with higher confidence in the way Outbrain approaches risk management and controls sensitive information; Helps Outbrain comply with other standards and regulations; and Allows Outbrain to ensure that we meet our legal obligations towards our customers, such as protecting customer privacy.
An ISO/IEC 27001 certification manifests higher security, higher quality of Outbrain’s products and ultimately higher trust.
Outbrain Trusted Partners
Version 1.0
Effective September 24, 2020
Download
Table of Contents
Outbrain Trusted PartnersOutbrain has partnered with some of the following trusted partners:Partner NameCategoryPrivacy PolicyCheqAd Fraudhttps://www.cheq.ai/privacyMoat (Oracle)Ad Verificationhttps://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/services-privacy-policy.htmlIntegral Ad ScienceAd Verificationhttps://integralads.com/cookie-policy/Double VerifyAd Verificationhttps://www.doubleverify.com/privacy/OneTrustConsent Managementhttps://www.cookielaw.org/privacy-policy/LiverampData Management Platformhttps://liveramp.com/privacy/service-privacy-policy/BluekaiData Management Platformhttps://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/marketing-cloud-data-cloud-privacy-policy.html#11AdobeData Management Platformhttps://www.adobe.com/privacy/cookies.htmlGoogle DV360Demand Side Platformhttps://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en-US&hl=en_USAditionDemand Side Platformhttps://www.adition.com/en/privacy/PowerlinksDemand Side Platformhttps://www.powerlinks.com/privacy-policy/MediamathDemand Side Platformhttps://www.mediamath.com/privacy-policy/AniviewVideohttps://www.aniview.com/privacy-policy/VidazooVideohttps://www.vidazoo.com/privacy_policyTeadsVideohttps://www.teads.com/privacy-policy/SpotXVideohttps://www.spotx.tv/privacy-policy/OpenXVideohttps://www.openx.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Copyright © 2021 Outbrain Inc. All rights reserved. Outbrain is a trademark
of Outbrain Inc.
- IMPRESSUM
Interest-Based Ads (and Opt-Out Preferences)Advertising GuidelinesPrivacy PolicySecurityPatentsTerms of Use
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Modern Slavery Statement
Legal Center powered by PactSafe
Copyright © 2021, Outbrain Inc.
This website uses cookies, some of which are necessary for the operation of the website, some of which are designed to improve your experience and some of which are for retargeting.
Click on "Cookie Settings" to review the cookies we use.
If you are happy with the use of these cookies, please continue to browse our site. You may adjust your cookie settings via your browser settings or via the cookie settings below. For information on how Outbrain processes your data and uses cookies please refer to Outbrain’s Privacy Policy. Accept CookiesCookies Settings