Privacy Policy | Peoplebank
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn moreGot it!
Contact Us
+44 131 653 1258
Home
Solutions
Candidate Experience
Candidate Journey
Candidate Careers
Job Adverts
Application Forms
Candidate Support
Job Boards
Onboarding
Stats & Facts
Clients
Testimonials
Articles
Meet The Team
Contact Us
Daxtra Group Privacy Policy
*HR Information Ltd, trading as Peoplebank, is owned and operated by DaXtra Group, and this policy covers HR Information as part of DaXtra Group*
1) Introduction
1.1 We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; in this policy we explain how we will treat your personal information.
1.2 We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website. / By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
2) Credit
2.1 This document is part of Daxtra Group set of Procedures and Policies.
3) Collecting Personal Information
3.1 We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
(a) information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths);
(b) information that you provide to us when registering with our website (including your email address, name, phone number, company name & company HQ).
(c) information that you provide when uploading your CV/resume on our website (including your name, profile pictures, gender, date of birth, relationship status, interests and hobbies, educational details and employment details);
(d) information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters (including your name and email address and any information outlined in points (b) & (c) above.
(e) information that you provide to us when using the services on our website, or that is generated in the course of the use of those services (including the timing, frequency and pattern of service use).
(f) information that you post to our website for publication on the internet (including your user name, your profile pictures and the content of your posts);
(g) information contained in or relating to any communications that you send to us or send through our website (including the communication content and meta data associated with the communication);
(h) any other personal information that you choose to send to us.
3.2 Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person’s consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with this policy.
4) Using Your Personal Information
4.1 Personal information submitted to us through our website will be used for the purposes specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of the website.
4.2 We may use your personal information to:
(a) administer our website and business;
(b) personalise our website for you;
(c) enable your use of the services available on our website;
(d) send you goods purchased through our website;
(e) supply to you, services purchased through our website;
(f) send statements, invoices and payment reminders to you, and collect payments from you;
(g) send you non-marketing commercial communications;
(h) send you email notifications that you have specifically requested;
(i) send you our email newsletter, (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require the newsletter);
(j) send you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
(k) provide third parties with statistical information about our users (but those third parties will not be able to identify any individual user from that information);
(l) deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to our website;
(m) keep our website secure and prevent fraud;
(n) verify compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of our website including monitoring private messages sent through our website private messaging service.
4.3 If you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the licence you grant to us.
4.4 Your privacy settings can be used to limit the publication of your information on our website, and can be adjusted using privacy controls on the website.
4.5 We will not, without your express consent, supply your personal information to any third party for the purpose of their or any other third party’s direct marketing.
5) Disclosing Personal Information
5.1 We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
5.2 We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
5.3 We may disclose your personal information:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
(d) to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
(e) to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
5.4 Except as provided in this policy, we will not provide your personal information to third parties.
6) International Data Transfers
6.1 Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this policy.
6.2 Information that we collect may be transferred to countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area:
6.3 Personal information that you publish on our website or submit for publication on our website may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
6.4	You expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described in this Section 6.
7) Retaining Personal Information
7.1 This Section 7 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal information.
7.2 Personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Our data retention period is currently set to 36 months.
We have ascertained that as this is a business to business enquiry that we have a legitimate interest to hold your data for this period in order to keep you up to date on all our products and offerings. Your data is stored on 2 factor authentication secured CRM software, that also have physical security measures in place that have passed ISO 9001 & 27001 accreditation. Your data is stored for future contact by our sales/marketing team around the initial reason you contacted us, as well as for other related products that we feel appropriate.
7.3 Without prejudice to Section 7.2, we will usually delete personal data falling within the categories set out below at the date/time set out below:
(a) All personal data will be deleted upon request from you, the data subject.
We define as this is a business to business relationship, that we have a legitimate interest to hold your data to keep in contact with you until you contact us to say otherwise, or unsubscribe from our newsletter contact.
7.4 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 7, we will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
(c) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
8) Security of your Personal Information
8.1 We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
8.2 We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers.
8.3 You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
8.4 You are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our website confidential; we will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to our website).
9) Amendments
9.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
9.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
9.3 We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through the private messaging system on our website.
10) Your Rights
10.1 You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to:
(a) the payment of a fee (currently fixed at GBP 10); and
(b) the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).
10.2 We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
10.3 You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
10.4 As a result of reading and agreeing to this privacy policy, you expressly agree (have opted in) to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, however you do have opportunities to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
10.5 You can withdraw your consent for us to hold your details at any stage by emailing data@daxtra.com, and we will provide you with options to opt out of being contacted on our newsletter communication.
You can also request your details to be deleted at any stage by the same process as well.
10.6	 You have the right to lodge a complaint with your relevant supervisory authority.
11) Third Party Websites
11.1 Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.
11.2 We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
12) Updating Information
12.1 Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
13) Cookies
13.1 Our website uses cookies.
13.2 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
13.3 Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
13.4 Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
13.5 We may use both session and persistent cookies on our website.
13.6 We currently do not use cookies on our website.
13.7 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies; for example:
(a) in Internet Explorer/Edge (version 10) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy” and then “Advanced”;
(b) in Firefox (version 24) you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, “Privacy”, selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, and unticking “Accept cookies from sites”; and
(c) in Chrome (version 29), you can block all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Content settings”, and then selecting “Block sites from setting any data” under the “Cookies” heading.
13.8 Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
13.9 If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
13.10 You can delete cookies already stored on your computer; for example:
(a) in Internet Explorer (version 10), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835);
(b) in Firefox (version 24), you can delete cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options” and “Privacy”, then selecting “Use custom settings for history”, clicking “Show Cookies”, and then clicking “Remove All Cookies”; and
(c) in Chrome (version 29), you can delete all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Clear browsing data”, and then selecting “Delete cookies and other site and plug-in data” before clicking “Clear browsing data”.
13.11	Deleting cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
14) Data Protection Registration
14.1	Our data protection registration number is ZA560688
15) Our Details
15.1 Our websites www.daxtra.com, www.daxtra.cn, www.peoplebank.com, daxtra.co.jp are owned and operated by Daxtra Group of Companies.
15.2 You can contact us by using our website contact form (http://www.daxtra.com/contactus.html), by email to data@daxtra.com or by telephone on +44 131 653 1250 (Europe), +1 804 767 1351 (USA), +61 2 8015 2864 (Australia), +852 2529 0010 (Hong Kong), +86 10 8405 3599 (China), +81 3 4588 8486 (Japan), +65 3157 3323 (Singapore).
CLIENT LOGIN
Award winning E-Recruitment solutions built just for you.
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2021 Peoplebank. All rights reserved.
Contact Us
+44 131 653 1258
sales@peoplebank.com