Privacy Policy — PornOne ex vPorn
Upload
Login Register
Straight
Straight
Gay
Shemale
Female
Home
Pornstars
Categories
Porn Games
Live Sex
Fck 2nite
Recommended Categories
Amateur
Mature
Teen
Lesbian
Big Dick
Gangbang
MILF
Anal
Mom
Busty
Top Categories
MILF
Teen
Amateur
Blowjob
Ebony
Masturbation
Female
Squirting
Lesbian
Cumshot
Queue
Playlists
Log in to create playlists.
Videos 1/1
No videos in your Queue list.
Are you sure you want to really remove this?
Are you sure you want to really remove this?
Privacy Policy
Updated as of May 25, 2018
Pursuant to our Terms of Use, this document describes how we treat personal information related to your use of PornOne ®, including information you provide when using it.
PornOne ® expressly and strictly limits its use to adults over 18 years of age or the age of majority in the individual’s jurisdiction, whichever is greater. Anyone under this age is strictly forbidden from using the Website. We do not knowingly seek or collect any personal information or data from persons who have not attained this age.
Data Collected
Browsing PornOne ®.  You can watch videos and access other parts of PornOne ® without having a PornOne ® account, in which case only your IP address, country of origin and other non-personal information about your computer or device (such as web requests, browser type, browser language, referring URL, operating system and date and time of requests) will be recorded for log file information, aggregated traffic information and in the event that there is any misappropriation of information and/or content.
Registering on PornOne ®.  Registration is required for uploading videos and accessing other features on PornOne ®. We require the following personal information at the time of registration: your username and password (which you generate), e-mail address, age, gender, IP address and country of origin. You may optionally provide us with other personal information such as your birthdate, sexual orientation or relationship status. Your username, age, gender, country of origin and other optional information will become publicly accessible on PornOne ®.
Usage Information.  We may record information about your usage of the Website such as your subscriptions, which users you communicate with, the videos you watch, the frequency and size of data transfers and other statistics. If you have registered and are logged in, we may associate that information with your account.
Uploaded Content.  Any personal information or content you voluntarily disclose online, including videos, comments and your profile page, becomes publicly available and may be collected and used by others.
Correspondences.  We may keep a record of any correspondence between you and us.
Cookies.  When you use PornOne ®, we may send cookies to your computer to uniquely identify your browser session. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies.
Data Usage
We may use your information to provide you with certain features and to create a personalized experience on the Website. We may also use that information to operate, maintain and improve features and functionality of the Website.
We will not use your e-mail address or other personal information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent. We may use your e-mail without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes.
We use cookies, web beacons and other information to store information so that you will not have to re-enter it on future visits, provide personalized content and information, monitor the effectiveness of the Website and monitor aggregate metrics such as the number of visitors and page views (including for use in monitoring visitors from affiliates). They may also be used to provide targeted advertising based on your country of origin.
Your username may be displayed to other users alongside content you upload, including videos, comments and messages.
Any videos that you submit may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels and may be viewed by the general public.
Disclosures of Information
We may be required to release certain data to comply with legal obligations or in order to enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements. We may also release certain data to protect the rights, property or safety of PornOne ®, its users and others. This includes providing information to other companies or organizations like the police or governmental authorities for the purposes of protection against or prosecution of any illegal activity, whether or not it is identified in the Terms of Use.
If you upload any illegal material to PornOne ®, we may forward all available information to relevant authorities, including respective copyright owners, without any notice to you.
Miscellaneous
If you have registered with PornOne ® and have a password giving you access to certain parts of the Website, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential. Anyone else with your password may access your account and other personal information.
While we use commercially reasonable physical, managerial and technical safeguards to secure your information, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information or content you transmit to PornOne ®. Any information or content you transmit to us is done at your own risk.
You are entitled to access, correct or delete your information on the Website and may request us to do so by contacting us.
​
Main
PornOne
Upload Video
PornOne blog
Information
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
DMCA
2257 Statement
​
Work with Us
Content Partners
Advertise
Affiliates
Support
Contact Us
​
2011-2021 © PORNONE. All rights reserved. Mobile Version
This Website contains adult pornographic materials.
You must be at least
eighteen (18) years of age to use this Website, unless the age of majority
in your jurisdiction is greater than eighteen (18) years of age, in which
case you must be at least the age of majority in your jurisdiction. Use of
the Website is not permitted where prohibited by law.
You agree that you
will not permit any person to access this Website who is not legally
permitted to do so.
Enter
Leave
Ads by ExoClick