Privacy Policy Statements | Prepaid Card Solutions | PFS
PFS
Your Alternative Banking Provider
Home
Home
Apply for Card
Contact Us
Sales Enquiry
Privacy Policies
Privacy Policies
Below you will find the privacy policies of Prepaid Financial Services and Prepaid Card Services Ireland Limted.
We may update this policy from time to time, so please review it regularly.
PFS UK Privacy Policy
Click Here
PCSIL Privacy Policy
Click Here
CONTACT US
EU-Info@emlpayments.com


SERVICES
Careers
Complaints Charter
Contact Us
Exchange Rates
Frequently Asked Questions
INFORMATION
Cookies Policy
Manage Cookies
Competition Law
Modern Slavery
Privacy Policies
Security Centre
Strong Customer Authentication
Site Map
Terms and Conditions
DEVELOPER
Open Banking
The PFS Prepaid Mastercard is issued by Prepaid Financial Services Limited pursuant to a license from Mastercard International Incorporated.Prepaid Financial Services Limited is regulated and authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority, as an Electronic Money Institution, registration number 900036.Registered Office: Fifth Floor, Langham House, 12 Little Portland Street, Marylebone, London, W1W 8BJ.Company Registration number: 06337638.
The PCSIL Prepaid Mastercard is issued by PFS Card Services (Ireland) Limited pursuant to a license from Mastercard International Incorporated. PFS Card Services (Ireland) Limited, trading as PCSIL, is authorised and regulated as an issuer of electronic money by the Central Bank of Ireland under registration number C175999. Registered office: Front Office, Scurlockstown Business Park, Trim, Co. Meath, C15 K2R9. Company Registration Number: 590062
Mastercard and the Mastercard Brand Mark are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.
VISA is a registered trademark of VISA International.
© Copyright 2021 EML Payments Europe Limited. All rights reserved
© Copyright 2021 Prepaid Financial Services
We use cookies on this site.
This site uses cookies for optimum website performance and the analysis of site traffic. To get more information about these cookies and the processing of your personal data, view our Cookie Policy. To edit your preferences, click the ‘Manage Cookies’ button. To accept these cookies and the processing of personal data involved, click the 'I Agree' button. You can change your choices at any time by clicking ‘Manage Cookies’ at the bottom of any page.
I Agree
Manage Cookies