Privacy Policy
Skip to content
Search for:
Members Login
About
Mission and Values
About Us
Customer Reviews
The Quidos Logo
Accreditation
Quidos Accreditation
Jersey Accreditation
Retrofit Accreditation
Legionella Risk Assessment
ESOS
Section 63
APEL Accreditation
Training
Training Course Range
Software
RdSAP Software
SAP Software
Air Con Report Software
Floor Plan Software
Legionella Report Software
U-Value Calculator
Support
Technical Support
Resources
Quality Assurance
FAQ
Join
News
News Stories
Government Consultations
Contact
Privacy Policy
GDPR
From 25/5/18 companies will no longer be able to contact you without your consent, due to an update to the general data protection regulations. Because of this, you will no longer receive industry news, technical updates, information about offers or new training modules from Quidos. If you still want to receive updates from us, simply fill out the form below with the word ‘please send me Quidos email updates’ in the subject box.
This privacy policy sets out how Quidos Ltd processes and protects and information about you given to Quidos Ltd when using this website and the Quidos application system.
Quidos Ltd is committed to ensure that your privacy is protected. We are registered with the Information Commission’s Office as a data controller under reference: Z9808068.
.
What information is being collected?
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Date of Birth
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences, etc.
Other information relevant customer surveys and/or offers
Passport, Driving licence or other documentation for the purposes of proving your identity
Who is collecting it?
Your information will be collected and collated by Quidos, with all accreditation-related information being securely held on a secure server.
Data Access Request
You have the right to have control over what data Quidos holds on you, to be able to update any information that may be incorrect, or to request that certain data be removed. You can make data access requests by emailing or telephoning Quidos however for ease we request that you complete the following document . We will reply to you within 30 days to confirm that the request has been carried out.
How does an Individual submit a data subject request?
To access the data subject access request form please CLICK HERE then email the completed form to QAS@quidos.co.uk
Data requests are at no cost to the individual.
How is it collected?
Your personal information will be gathered upon application for accreditation, and in some cases, when sending a query through the online forms.
If you believe that any of the information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us, in writing, as soon as possible. Our contact details can be found at the bottom of the page.
Why is it being collected?
Personal information is collected to maintain the standard of our services and products and provide proof of identity as well as to ensure we are able to assist you with queries or issues you may be experiencing. As a government-approved energy assessor accreditation scheme, we have a legal obligation to process personal information in accordance with the Energy Performance of Buildings Regulations.
How will it be used?
Your personal information will be used to process your application, for the purposes of confirming your identity, for when we need to contact you and to manage your ongoing membership with the Quidos Accreditation Scheme.
And for the following marketing purposes.
To make you aware of our current collection of CPD courses and CPD special offers.
To provide you with industry relevant news
To be kept up to date on all other Quidos events, offers and competitions
Who will it be shared with?
Under no circumstances will we give your personal information to third-parties, outside of the requirements of operation of an accreditation scheme.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Any documents uploaded using the Quidos secure uploader are held securely and are encrypted at rest and in transit.  Only named personal have access to these records and they are only ever used for the purposes of identity checking.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Contact
What service are you looking for?
accreditationtraining
I consent to Quidos sending information to me related to Quidos products & services
yesno
Your browser does not support JavaScript!. Please enable javascript in your browser in order to get form work properly.
7 – 9 North Parade Buildings, Bath, BA1 1NS
01225 667 570
info@quidos.co.uk
Mon – Thur: 9:00 – 17:00
Friday 9:00 – 16:30
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Phone Number
What service are you looking for?
accreditationtraining
I consent to Quidos providing their training partner with my contact details (if applicable)
yesno
I consent to Quidos sending information to me related to Quidos products & services
yesno
Click here to join our mailing list.
Your browser does not support JavaScript!. Please enable javascript in your browser in order to get form work properly.
Quick Links
Customer Reviews
The Quidos Logo
Mission and Values
Why Join Us?
Technical Support
Resources
Quality Assurance
FAQ
Accreditation
All Accreditation Schemes
(PAS2035) Retrofit Assessor Scheme
Section 63
Legionella Risk Assessment
ESOS
Resources
Training
Online Training Courses
Classroom Training Courses
Recent Tweets
@PEPA_LTD 2/2 - Here's the link to the article written by our Operations Director here @Quidos
pepassociation.org/wp-content…
About 3 weeks ago from Quidos's Twitter via Twitter Web App
1/2 - Another great @PEPA_LTD newsletter this month. Featuring a brilliant article written by one of our own, Catherine Garrido discussing the future of the EPC.
#energyefficiency #EPC twitter.com/PEPA_LTD/statu…
About 3 weeks ago from Quidos's Twitter via Twitter Web App
Quidos are pleased to announce our collaboration with ECO Surv. Eco Surv provide a powerful service to Retrofit Coordinators allowing them to manage all of their data and information online in one space.
Find out more; lnkd.in/dxJvxga
Last month from Quidos's Twitter via Twitter Web App
@24ecoLtd @Trustmark Great to have you with us @24eco
About 2 months ago from Quidos's Twitter via Twitter Web App
Still time to book onto the PEPA Conference 2021.
Book your tickets here today: lnkd.in/dTv3X5P
#PEPAConference #energyefficiency
About 3 months ago from Quidos's Twitter via Twitter Web App
Follow Us
Partners
Receive the latest Quidos technical updates, CPD & training offers and industry news. SUBSCRIBE
Copyright © 2020, Quidos Ltd
Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer | Complaints Procedure | Equal Opportunities
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.Cookie SettingsAccept AllManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
SAVE & ACCEPT
X Close
Loading Comments...
Write a Comment...
Email (Required)
Name (Required)
Website