Privacy Policy
We value your privacyWe and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised ads and content, ad and content measurement, and audience insights, as well as to develop and improve products.With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences at any time by returning to this site or visit our privacy policy.
MORE OPTIONSAGREE
This site makes extensive use of JavaScript.
Please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Streaming Now! 88 Players,  70 GuildsLog InSign Up···Raids  ···Mythic+  ···MDI  ···R • W • F···News  ···Realms  ···Community  ···Addon···Update Now···Privacy PolicyRevised: August 15, 2020Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Ludicrous Speed LLC dba Raider.IO (“Raider.IO”, “we”, “us”, or “our”).In this privacy policy, we seek to explain to you what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our websites (such as https://raider.io), the Raider.IO Addon, the Raider.IO Desktop Client, the Raider.IO Developer API, and/or any related services, sales, communications, marketing, or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the "Sites").We hope you take some time to read through the privacy policy carefully, as it is important. By using the Sites, you agree to our Terms of Use and consent to our collection, use and disclosure practices, and other activities as described in this privacy policy. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites.If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, or our practices with regards to your information, please contact us at privacy@raider.io.TABLE OF CONTENTS1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?5. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?6. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON ANALYTICS AND ADVERTISING?7. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?8. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?9. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN?10. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?11. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?13. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS14. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS15. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR DATA SUBJECTS IN EUROPE1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?Information you disclose to usIn Short: We collect information that you provide to us such as username, contact information, and account credentials.We collect information that you voluntarily provide to us when registering for the Sites, expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, accessing our content or participating in activities on the Sites (such as customizing your profile or entering competitions, contests, or giveaways), or otherwise contacting us.The information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Sites, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. The categories of information we collect, and have collected in the past 12 months, include the following:Contact Data. We collect your name, email address, postal address, and other similar contact data.Account Credentials. We collect your username, password, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.Demographic Data. We collect your preferred language and similar information. Profile Data. We collect information relating to your interests, inferences, characters, and gameplay.Content. We collect content within any messages you send to us (such as feedback and questions to customer support) or publicly post on the Sites. We also collect any content within any messages you exchange with other users through the Sites to facilitate those conversations (such as if you use our chat functionality). You may choose to voluntarily provide other information to us that we do not request, and, in such instances, you are solely responsible for such information.Information automatically collectedIn Short: Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our Sites.We automatically collect certain information when you visit our websites or view our emails or ads. We also automatically collect information when you use the Raider.IO Addon and/or the Raider.IO Desktop Client. The categories of information we automatically collect, and have collected in the past 12 months, include:Service Use Data, including data about features you use, pages you visit, emails and advertisements you view, products and services you view and purchase, the time of day you browse, and your referring and exiting pages. Device Data, including, your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, and device name.Location Data, including imprecise location data (such as location derived from an IP address or data that indicates a city or postal code level). Character and Combat Log Data through the Raider.IO Addon and the Raider.IO Desktop Client.For information on how we automatically collect this information, please see the “Do We Use Cookies And Other Tracking Technologies?” section below. Information collected from BlizzardIn Short: We collect information from video game publisher Blizzard.We obtain information about you from video game publisher Blizzard Entertainment (“Blizzard”) as part of being an authenticated developer with Blizzard, including information relating to your characters, gameplay, and achievements. We obtain the information through the Blizzard Developer API made available to us and other Blizzard sources, and process the information as a service provider for Blizzard, including to benefit the Blizzard player community through our own services. In particular, we compile the information we obtain into our own databases, and make the information available to the Blizzard player community, including through the Raider.IO Addon, Raider.IO Desktop Client and the Raider.IO Developer API. If you link your Blizzard account to your Raider.IO account, we may collect and process additional information, which may be used in accordance with this privacy policy. Blizzard, and not us, determines what information is shared with us, and if you wish to not have your information shared by Blizzard or used by us in this way, please contact Blizzard directly and restrict data sharing in accordance with Blizzard’s instructions. We are not responsible for Blizzard’s data practices, and you should carefully review Blizzard’s policies and account settings. Information collected from other sourcesIn Short: We also collect information from business partners, public databases, and other sources.We obtain information about you from other sources. We process the information in accordance with practices described in this privacy policy, subject to any restrictions imposed on us by the source of the information. The categories of sources from which we collect information, and have collected from in the past 12 months, include: Business partners, including to facilitate purchases and for event planning, joint marketing, or advertising purposes.Developers who use the Raider.IO Developer API.Social networks with which you interact. Publicly-available sources, including data in the public domain. 2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?In Short: We process your information to provide you with services, offer databases, protect rights, improve and advertise our services, and for other purposes described below.We collect and use information for business and commercial purposes in accordance with the practices described in this privacy policy. Our business purposes for collecting and using information, and for which we have collected and used information in the past 12 months, include:To operate and manage our Sites.To facilitate account creation and access.To develop and provide our databases for the benefit of the Blizzard player community, including through the Raider.IO Addon, Raider.IO Desktop Client and the Raider.IO Developer API.To request feedback, respond to your comments, questions and requests, and provide you with customer service. To send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative information. To enforce our terms, conditions and policies.To protect our Sites (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. For example, if we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.To enable user-to-user communications with your consent.To conduct data analysis, identify usage trends, determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and evaluate and improve our Sites, products, services, marketing, and your experience.To develop and send you marketing, advertising, and communications about our and other parties’ products, services and features.To administer prize draws and competitions when you voluntarily elect to participate in competitions.To fulfil any other purpose at your direction, such as when you direct us to connect your Blizzard account to your Raider.IO account.With notice to you and your consent.Notwithstanding the above, we may use information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we use information about you, please see the “What Are Your Privacy Rights?” section below. 3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?In Short: We collect and share information with your consent or at your direction, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, to provide you with services, for analytics and marketing, or to fulfill business obligations.We share your information in accordance with the practices described in this privacy policy. The categories of parties with whom we share information, and have shared information in the past 12 months, include the following:Service Providers. We share your information with service providers who process information on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing efforts. We contractually prohibit our service providers from retaining, using, or disclosing information about you for any purpose other than performing the service for us, although we may permit them to use information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law. Vendors and Ad Partners. We share information with vendors and ad partners for analytics and advertising related purposes. These parties may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts, independently decide how to process your information. For more information on advertising and analytics, see the “What is Our Stance on Analytics and Advertising?” section below. Affiliates. We may share information with our affiliates and related entities, including where they act as our service providers or for their own internal purposes. Blizzard. We share information with Blizzard in our role as acting as a service provider for the company. We are not responsible for Blizzard’s data practices, and you should carefully review Blizzard’s policies and account settings.Blizzard Player Community. We share portions of our databases comprised of characters, gameplay, statistics, achievements, and other information with the Blizzard player community, including through the Raider.IO Addon and Raider.IO Desktop Client. If you do not want us to share your information this way, please contact Blizzard directly and restrict data sharing in accordance with Blizzard’s instructions.Developers. We share portions of our databases comprised of characters, gameplay, statistics, achievements, and other information with developers through the Raider.IO Developer API. If you do not want us to share your information this way, please contact Blizzard directly and restrict data sharing in accordance with instructions.Business Partners. We share information with our business partners including to facilitate purchases and for event planning, joint marketing, and advertising purposes.Compliance with Laws. We share information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).Vital Interests and Legal Rights. We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.Business Transfers. We share information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, purchase, or sale of any or all of our assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.Promotions. Our promotions may be jointly sponsored or offered by other parties. When you voluntarily enter a promotion, we share information as set out in the official rules that govern the promotion as well as for administrative purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list). By entering a promotion, you agree to the official rules that govern that promotion, and may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the sponsor and/or other entities to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials.Public Information and Chat. We share information you make public through the Sites, such as information in your profile. Please think carefully before making information public as you are solely responsible for any information you make public. Once you have posted information, you may not be able to edit or delete such information, subject to additional rights set out in the “What Are Your Privacy Rights?” section below. We also share information with other users when you engage with them through our chat functionality. Facilitating Requests. We share information at your request or direction.With your Consent. We may disclose your information for any other purpose with your consent.Notwithstanding the above, we may share information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) except as prohibited by applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we share information about you, please see the “What Are Your Privacy Rights?” section below.4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?In Short: We use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.The types of tracking technologies we use to automatically collect information include:Log Files, which are files that record events that occur in connection with your use of the Service. Cookies, which are small data files stored on your device that act as a unique tag to identify your browser. We use two types of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies make it easier for you to navigate our website and expire when you close your browser. Persistent cookies help with personalizing your experience, remembering your preferences, and supporting security features. Additionally, persistent cookies allow us to bring you advertising both on and off the Sites. Persistent cookies may remain on your device for extended periods of time, and generally may be controlled through your browser settings. Pixels (also known as web beacons), which are code embedded in a website, video, email, or advertisement that sends information about your use to a server. There are various types of pixels, including image pixels (which are small graphic images) and JavaScript pixels (which contains JavaScript code). When you access a website, video, email, or advertisement that contains a pixel, the pixel may permit us or a separate entity to drop or read cookies on your browser. Pixels are used in combination with cookies to track activity by a particular browser on a particular device. We may incorporate pixels from separate entities that allow us track our conversions, bring you advertising both on and off the Sites, and provide you with additional functionality. For further information on how we use tracking technologies for analytics and advertising, and your rights and choices regarding them, see the “What is Our Stance on Analytics and Advertising?” and “What Are Your Privacy Rights?” sections below. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you may be able to refuse certain cookies is also set out in our Cookies Policy: https://raider.io/cookies-policy. 5. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?The Sites may contain advertisements from and links to third party sites that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, online services or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of information you provide to any other parties. Any information collected by other parties is not covered by this privacy policy. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any other parties, including other websites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Sites. You should review the policies of such other parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.6. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON ANALYTICS AND ADVERTISING?In Short: We use analytics and advertising on our Sites, and we and other parties may collect information through tracking technologies. We use analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to help us understand how users access and use the Sites. In addition, we work with agencies, advertisers, ad networks, and other ad partners to place ads on our Sites and on other websites and services. As part of this process, we may incorporate tracking technologies into our own Sites (including emails and ads) as well as into our ads displayed on other websites and services. Some of these tracking technologies may track your activities across time and services for purposes of associating the different devices you use, and delivering relevant ads and/or other content to you (“Interest-based Advertising”).As indicated above, vendors and ad partners may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts, independently decide how to process your information. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.For further information on the types of tracking technologies we use on the Service and your rights and choices regarding analytics and Interest-based Advertising please see the “Do We Use Cookies And Other Tracking Technologies?” and “What Are Your Privacy Rights?” sections.7. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law or to protect rights.We will keep your information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). 8. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?In Short: We aim to protect your information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of information about you that we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the Internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your information, transmission of information to and from our Sites is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.9. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN?In Short: We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years of age.The Sites are intended for general audiences. We do not knowingly collect personal information (as defined by the U.S. Children’s Privacy Protection Act, or “COPPA”) from children under 13 years of age. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we have collected personal information in violation of COPPA, contact us at privacy@raider.io. We will remove the personal information in accordance with COPPA. We do not knowingly “sell,” as that term is defined under the CCPA, the personal information of minors under 16 years old who are California residents.By using the Sites, you represent that you are at least 18. If we learn that information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from individuals under age 18, please contact us at privacy@raider.io. 10. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?In Short: You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time, or exercise choice about certain analytics or advertising activities on the Sites. For data received from Blizzard, you should reach out directly to Blizzard regarding your choices. In some regions, such as the European Economic Area, Nevada, and California, you have additional rights as set out at the end of this privacy policy.Data Received from BlizzardWe develop and provide our databases for the benefit the Blizzard player community, including through the Raider.IO Addon, Raider.IO Desktop Client and the Raider.IO Developer API. Blizzard, and not us, determines what information is shared with us by them to create these databases, and accordingly what information we share with the Blizzard player community and Raider.IO developers. If you do not want your information shared with us in this way, or if you want us to not share the information with the Blizzard player community or Raider.IO developers, please contact Blizzard directly and restrict data sharing in accordance with Blizzard’s instructions.Account informationIf you have an account with us and would like to review or change the information you have submitted to us through your account or terminate your account, you can:Log into your account and update your user settings; or Contact us at privacy@raider.io.If you have linked your Raider.IO account with your Blizzard account, you can also unlink the accounts at any time through your Raider.IO account settings. Blizzard may also offer the ability to unlink the account, and you should review Blizzard’s policies and account settings. Upon your request to terminate your Raider.IO account, we will deactivate or delete your account, provided we may allow for a cooldown period in the event you change your mind. Even after termination, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.We may offer other options relating to character and profile visibility. Please visit your account settings for more information.Cookies and similar technologiesMost Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Sites. For further information, please see our Cookies Policy: https://raider.io/cookies-policy. Do Not TrackYour browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to do so, we do not monitor or take action with respect to “Do Not Track” signals. For more information on “Do Not Track,” visit https://www.allaboutdnt.com.Analytics and interest-based advertisingGoogle provides tools to allow you to opt out of the use of certain information collected by Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and by Google Analytics for Display Advertising or the Google Display Network at https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/. The companies we work with to provide you with targeted ads are required by us to give you the choice to opt out of receiving targeted ads. Most of these companies are participants of the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) and/or the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). To learn more about the targeted ads provided by these companies, and how to opt out of receiving certain targeted ads from them, please visit: (i) for targeted ads from DAA participants, https://www.aboutads.info/choices; and (ii) for targeted ads from NAI participants, https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. Opting out only means that the selected participants should no longer deliver certain targeted ads to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., in connection with the participants’ other customers or from other technology services).Please note that if you opt out using any of these methods, the opt out will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any opt out options or programs, or the accuracy of any other entities’ statements regarding their opt out options or programs.Opting out of email marketingYou can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us as set out in the “How Can You Contact Us About This Policy?” section below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list – however, we may still send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account.11. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to comply with relevant laws or reflect changes to our practices.We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?If you have questions or comments about this privacy policy or our data practices, you may contact us:By email: at privacy@raider.io By postal address: Ludicrous Speed LLCAttention: Privacy Compliance1887 Whitney Mesa Dr #4968Henderson, NV 89014United StatesThis privacy policy has been designed to be accessible to people with disabilities. If you experience any difficulties accessing the information here, please contact us at privacy@raider.io.13. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR NEVADA RESIDENTSNevada law (NRS 603A.340) requires each business to establish a designated request address where Nevada consumers may submit requests directing the business not to sell certain kinds of personal information that the business has collected or will collect about the consumer. A sale under Nevada law is the exchange of personal information for monetary consideration by the business to a third party for the third party to license or sell the personal information to other third parties. If you are a Nevada consumer and wish to submit a request relating to our compliance with Nevada law, please contact us as at privacy@raider.io.14. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTSThese additional disclosures apply only to California residents. The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides additional rights to know, delete and opt-out, and requires businesses collecting or disclosing personal information to provide notices and means to exercise rights.Notice of collectionIn the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information enumerated in the CCPA: Identifiers, including email address and online identifiers (such as IP address).Commercial or transactions information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered.Internet activity, including browsing history, search history, and interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement. Geolocation data inferred from an IP address or other device identifier.Inferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferences.For further details on information we collect, including the sources from which we receive information, review the “What Information Do We Collect?” section above. We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business purposes described in the “How Do We Use Your Information?” section above, including how to manage our Sites. We do not generally sell information as the term “sell” is traditionally understood. To the extent “sale” under the CCPA is interpreted to include the activities set out in this privacy policy, such as those disclosed in the “What is Our Stance on Analytics and Advertising?” section above, we will comply with applicable law as to such activity. We disclose the following categories of personal information for commercial purposes: identifiers, characteristics, commercial or transactions information, internet activity, geolocation data, and inferences drawn. Please review the “Will Your Information Be Shared With Anyone?” section above for further details about the categories of parties with whom we share information. Right to know and deleteYou have the right to know certain details about our data practices in the past 12 months. In particular, you may request the following from us:The categories of personal information we have collected about you; The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected; The categories of personal information about you we disclosed for a business purpose or sold; The categories of third parties to whom the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose or sold; The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information; and The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.In addition, you have the right to delete the personal information we have collected from you. To exercise any of these rights, please submit a request through our Online Form or email us at privacy@raider.io. In the request, please specify which right you are seeking to exercise and the scope of the request. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days. We may require specific information from you to help us verify your identity and process your request. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your requests to know or delete.We acknowledge that you may have rights under the CCPA in connection with the personal information we process as a service provider for Blizzard. If you wish to exercise any rights you have with such personal information, please direct your request to Blizzard. We will support Blizzard to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.Right to opt-outTo the extent Raider.IO sells your personal information as the term “sell” is defined under the CCPA, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by us to third parties at any time. You may submit a request to opt-out by clicking Do Not Sell My Personal Information or emailing us at privacy@raider.io.Authorized agentYou can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. However, we will require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so and verify your identity directly. Right to non-discriminationYou have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any your rights. Shine the lightCustomers who are residents of California may request (i) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for those third parties’ own direct marketing purposes; and (ii) a list of the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such information. To exercise a request, please write us at the email or postal address set out in “How Can You Contact Us About This Policy?” above and specify that you are making a “California Shine the Light Request.” We may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity and are only required to respond to requests once during any calendar year. 15. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR DATA SUBJECTS IN EUROPERolesData protection laws in Europe distinguish between organizations that process personal data for their own purposes (known as “controllers”) and organizations that process personal data on behalf of other organizations (known as “processors”). Raider.IO acts as a controller with respect to personal data collected as you interact with our websites, emails, and advertisements. However, in some instances, Raider.IO acts as a processor where we process personal data on behalf of Blizzard, which is the controller. Any questions that you have relating to the processing of personal data by us as a processor should be directed to Blizzard.Lawful basis for processingData protection laws in Europe require a “lawful basis” for processing personal data. Our lawful bases include where: (a) you have given consent to the processing for one or more specific purposes, either to us, to our service providers, or to Blizzard; (b) processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you; (c) processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or (d) processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or a third party, and your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms do not override those interests. Where applicable, we will transfer your personal data to third countries subject to appropriate or suitable safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses.Your data subject rightsYou have the right to access, rectify, or erase any personal data we have collected about you. You also have the right to data portability and the right to restrict or object to our processing of personal data we have collected about you. In addition, you have the right to ask us not to process your personal data (or provide it to third parties to process) for marketing purposes or purposes materially different than for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. You may withdraw your consent at any time for any data processing we do based on consent you have provided to us.To exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set out in the “How Can You Contact Us About This Policy?” section above and specify which right you are seeking to exercise. We will respond to your request within 30 days. We may require specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. If personal data about you has been processed by us as a processor for Blizzard and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such personal data, please direct your request to Blizzard. We will support Blizzard to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request. Please note that we retain personal data as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, and may continue to retain and use personal data even after a data subject request for purposes of our legitimate interests, including as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements. When we have no ongoing legitimate interest to process your personal data, we will delete, de-identify, or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives), then we will implement measures to securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.If you have any issues with our compliance, you may contact us as set out in the “How Can You Contract Us About This Policy” section above. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction.Raider.IORaid RankingsMythic Plus RankingsRaiderIO Addon & ClientDeveloper APIBranding GuidelinesAdvertiseCommunityFeedbackFAQSupport us on PatreonGet Discord AlertsLogin / RegisterLooking for a guild? Ludicrous Speed is looking for raiders.Raider.IO™ © 2017-2021 Ludicrous Speed, LLC. — v0.62.4 (ac22b724)World of Warcraft, Warcraft and Blizzard Entertainment are trademarks or registered trademarks of Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries.Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy  |  Cookies PolicyCA Residents Only: Do Not Sell My Personal InformationWe use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. This includes personalizing content and advertising. By continuing to use our site, you accept our Cookies Policy, Privacy Policy, and Terms of Use.I Agree1/5Pathfinder: Wrath of the Righteous (Release Date Trailer)Read More
145.7K
10
Video Player is loading.Play VideoUnmuteDuration 3:12/Toggle Close CaptionsCurrent Time 0:00Loaded: 4.14%0:00Remaining Time -3:12 FullscreenPauseUp NextThis is a modal window.Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window.TextColorWhiteBlackRedGreenBlueYellowMagentaCyanTransparencyOpaqueSemi-TransparentBackgroundColorBlackWhiteRedGreenBlueYellowMagentaCyanTransparencyOpaqueSemi-TransparentTransparentWindowColorBlackWhiteRedGreenBlueYellowMagentaCyanTransparencyTransparentSemi-TransparentOpaqueFont Size50%75%100%125%150%175%200%300%400%Text Edge StyleNoneRaisedDepressedUniformDropshadowFont FamilyProportional Sans-SerifMonospace Sans-SerifProportional SerifMonospace SerifCasualScriptSmall CapsReset restore all settings to the default valuesDoneClose Modal DialogEnd of dialog window.Replay the listPowered by AnyClip Privacy Policy
TOP ARTICLES
Pathfinder: Wrath of the Righteous (Release Date Trailer)