Privacy Notice - Railcard
Skip navigation
Renew my Railcard
Manage my Railcard
Railcard.co.uk
16-25 Railcard
Disabled PersonsRailcard
Family & FriendsRailcard
Network Railcard
Two Together Railcard
26-30 Railcard
Senior Railcard
16-17 Saver
Veterans Railcard
Search:
About Railcards
Travel Inspiration
#MakeTracks
Railcard Savings
Travel Advice
Privacy Notice
The purpose of this policy is to make you aware of how we will manage your personal data.
If you have a 16-17 Saver, please see the 16-17 Saver Privacy Notice. If you have a Veterans Railcard, please see the Veterans Railcard Privacy Notice.
For other Railcards, you can use the shortcut links below to go directly to specific sections.
Who we are
Your Rights
Our lawful basis for collecting your data
Subject Access Request
What data we collect
Deletion of personal information
Sharing information with other data processors
Restrict processing of personal information
Keeping your data safe
Right to rectification
What we do with your data
How to contact us
How long we keep your data
Complaints
Who we are
ATOC Ltd manages Railcards on behalf of Britain's train companies. ATOC Ltd is the data controller and, as such, is responsible for ensuring the lawful and appropriate handing of all the personal data that you provide in order to purchase a Railcard.  ATOC Ltd's address is 200 Aldersgate Street, London EC1A 4HD.
Railcard and National Rail are trademarks of ATOC Ltd. ATOC Ltd also trades under the name Rail Delivery Group.
To contact us regarding our use of your data, please click here. Alternatively, you can write to us at ATOC Ltd 200 Aldersgate Street, London EC1A 4HD.
Our lawful basis for collecting your data
When you buy a Railcard, you enter into a contract with ATOC Ltd for the provision of the Railcard on behalf of train companies. Therefore, collecting your data is necessary for us to perform the contract with you.
We will treat your data in an appropriate and lawful manner, in accordance with data protection laws.
What data we collect
We only collect the data that we need in order to process your application. For all Railcards we collect your name, address, email address and contact number. For age specific Railcards we also require details from either a UK driving license, International Passport or National Identity Card to verify your date of birth. We also collect additional information depending on what Railcard you are purchasing:
16-25 Railcard: we require your photograph. For mature students, we also require confirmation of your attendance at a university/college
Disabled Persons Railcard: we require evidence of your eligibility which may include evidence of receiving a government benefit, allowance or medical information
Family & Friends Railcard: if you decide to have a second cardholder named on the card, we will need their name.
Two Together Railcard: we require the name of the second cardholder and photographs of both you and the second named cardholder
If you choose to have your Railcard delivered to your mobile device, we will require your photograph regardless of the Railcard you are buying.
If you are buying a Railcard on behalf of another person, we will need their personal details. In this case, we will deem that you have the other person's permission to provide their personal details.
If you choose to enter a voluntary prize draw for either market research or competitions, we will collect your personal email address, your name, postcode and Railcard number.
We use cookies and similar tools across our website to improve your experience and our website's performance. To find out more about cookies, read our Cookie Policy.
Sharing information with other data processors
We use a number of suppliers to produce, deliver, administer and market Railcards.
These suppliers are:
Salesforce (who send our emails and provide our database)
Sapient i7 (who manage the Salesforce database)
Sitecore (who provide our website)
Jaywing (who manage the Sitecore website and verify documents for age related cards)
Mulesoft (who transfer data between our website and database)
Teleperformance (who provide customer support and verification for Railcard applications)
Vodafone (who provide the telephone service for the Teleperformance customer support centre)
ESP Group (who fulfil all plastic Railcard orders)
Ndata (who capture details from paper application forms)
Indicia (who transfer data between the Railcard website and digital Railcard app)
Rival (who send renewal reminders by post)
Quiet Storm (who provide some of our website pages, including competition and contact forms)
BPA Quality (who provide quality assurance on customer email correspondence and telephone calls with the Teleperformance customer support centre)
First Rail holdings (who provide quality assurance on customer telephone calls with the Teleperformance customer support centre)
Accent (who undertake market research and surveys on our behalf)
Global Pay (who process credit/debit card payments on our behalf)
Verint (who store audio calls received by the Teleperformance customer support centre)
Survey Monkey (who process responses if you participate in any surveys with us)
SendGrid (who send password reset emails on our behalf)
Liveramp (wo provide targeted advertising and profiling across marketing platforms including social media)
Your personal information may be disclosed to the train companies who run services in your region in order for them to administer and support your use of the Railcard. We also share information with law enforcement agencies on request.
We will not share your details with any other third parties for marketing purposes unless you provide us with your consent, or we have legitimate interest to do so. If you consent to marketing, you can find out more about the communications you’ll receive in our Marketing & Contact Policy. If you already hold a valid Railcard your details will be shared with a third party, under legitimate interest, to exclude you from acquisition marketing.
If you participate in a survey with us, your surveys will be processed by our survey supplier.
If you enter one of our prize draws for market research or competitions, your entry will be held by our suppliers (Survey Monkey for research and Quiet Storm for competitions). Winners of competitions will be notified using the contact details provided in their entry. Where a prize is being offered by one of our partners, your contact details may be provided to them in order for them to fulfil the prize.
Keeping your data safe
We protect your privacy by ensuring we have the appropriate security measures in place, backed up by contractual obligations, to ensure that our suppliers process your data in an appropriate, lawful and safe manner.
What we do with your data
We use your data to provide you with the Railcard and:
to provide you with customer support services, for example if you lose your Railcard
to exclude you from acquisition marketing if you hold a valid Railcard
to notify you when your Railcard is due to expire, and to suggest other relevant products if you no longer qualify for your current Railcard
to remind you if you have an incomplete online Railcard application, via email and digital marketing channels
to send you information about any changes to your Railcard’s terms and conditions; and
to alert you to any changes to this Privacy Notice
We analyse our customer data for sales insight and marketing research including demographic, geographic and attitude analysis to understand who our customers are in groups rather than as individuals.
We have a legitimate interest in improving our products and services, and we conduct market research for this purpose. We may therefore contact you from time to time to invite you to participate in our market research. This research may be carried out by a supplier not currently listed in this Privacy Notice, however we will always inform you who is completing this research on our behalf. Your data will be shared with this supplier for this purpose alone and will be deleted once this research has been completed.
If you enter one of our prize draws for market research or competitions, the data we collect will be kept securely whilst the survey and/or competition is live. The prize draw winner's(s') details (first name and county) will be made available for 30 days after the closing date to those who email marketing@raildeliverygroup.com with the survey title as the subject line. Personal details will only be used for the purpose of the prize draw and will be deleted once the winner has been confirmed.
How long do we keep your data?
We keep your data while your Railcard is valid and for two years thereafter to enable you to renew easily within that period. During this time, you may receive other communications from us if you have consented.
If you have started but not completed a Railcard application and haven’t purchased a Railcard using an online account with us before, the data you have entered will be held for 30 days to allow you to return to complete your application. After that time, it will be deleted.
If you participate in a prize draw for market research or competitions, your entry will be held for 30 days and then deleted.
Your rights
You have several rights to data protection which are set out below. To contact us in relation to your rights regarding how we use your data, please click here to submit a request.
Subject access request
You have the right to request a copy of the data that we hold about you. This is called a ‘Subject Access Request’.
Deletion of personal information
You have the right to request that we delete any data that we hold on you after your Railcard has expired.
Restrict processing of personal information
You have the right to request that we restrict processing of your information for specific purposes such as direct marketing at any time. However, for the duration that your Railcard is active, we will continue to process your data in the way we have set out in this Privacy Notice so that we can fulfil our contract to you.
Right to rectification
If your details are incorrect, incomplete or have changed, you can contact us at any time to change these.
If you bought your Railcard online, you can update your details by logging onto your online account on the relevant Railcard website and updating them.
Alternatively, please fill out our online form to request changes to the data we hold on you.
How to contact us
To exercise any of your rights, set out above, please click here and fill out our online form or contact us using the details provided below:
Data Protection Lead for Railcards
ATOC Ltd, 200 Aldersgate Street, London EC1 4HD.
Tel: 0207 841 8000.
Please include your name, address and Railcard number, so that we can deal with your request.
Complaints
You have the right to complain about our processing to the Information Commissioner if you believe we are not processing your data in a proper manner - see https://ico.org.uk/concerns/handling/ for more information.
Last updated 21 June 2021
Follow us
Website Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy Notice
|
Cookie Policy
|
2021 Rail Delivery Group