Privacy Policy | Fandango
Some functionality on this site requires your consent for cookies to work properly.I consent to cookiesI want more information
Welcome back to the movies
Read More
Gift Cards |
Offers |
Sign In
Sign Out
Fandango
Screen Reader Users: To optimize your experience with your screen reading software, please use our Flixster.com website, which has the same tickets as our Fandango.com and MovieTickets.com websites.
Skip to Main Content
Go
Movies
Now Playing
The Suicide Squad (2021)
Jungle Cruise (2021)
Old (2021)
Black Widow (2021)
Stillwater (2021)
The Green Knight (2021)
Space Jam: A New Legacy (2021)
Snake Eyes (2021)
Escape Room: Tournament of Champions (2021)
F9 The Fast Saga (2021)
The Boss Baby: Family Business (2021)
See All Now Playing
Opening This Week
= Limited Release
Don't Breathe 2 (2021)
Free Guy (2021)
Respect (2021)
About Us (2021)
Buckley's Chance (2021)
Charming the Hearts of Men (2021)
Ema (2021)
The Lost Leonardo
Not Going Quietly (2021)
Raging Fire (2021)
White as Snow (2021)
See All Opening This Week
Coming Soon
The Protégé (2021)
Reminiscence (2021)
The Night House (2021)
Candyman (2021)
Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021)
Copshop (2021)
Venom: Let There Be Carnage (2021)
The Addams Family 2 (2021)
The Many Saints of Newark (2021)
See All Coming Soon
Explore More
Watch Trailers on MovieClips
Top Box Office
New For Streaming
Theaters + Tickets
Where are you located? Here are our top cities
New York, NY
Los Angeles, CA
Atlanta, GA
Chicago, IL
Austin, TX
Miami, FL
San Francisco, CA
Phoenix, AZ
Washington, DC
Boston, MA
San Diego, CA
Seattle, WA
Edison, NJ
Houston, TX
Tampa, FL
Find theaters + movie times near
find movie times + tickets
Movie News
Featured Movie News
news item
'It Takes Three' Exclusive Trailer
Read More
news item
What to Watch on Vudu: Marvel’s ‘Black Widow,’ Mark Wahlberg in ‘Joe Bell,’ the Best Cult Classics and More
Read More
news item
This Week in Movie News: Tom Hanks Joins Wes Anderson’s Next Movie, Nicholas Hoult to Star in ‘Dracula’ Spin-Off ‘Renfield’ and More
Read More
Explore Content
Movie Reviews
Summer Movie Guide
Awards Watch
Indie Movie Guide
Family Guide
House Of Screams
Weekly Ticket
My VIP Account
Join FandangoVIP
Buy Movies. Get Movies.
Earn 125 points on every ticket you buy. Rack up 500 points and you'll score a $5 reward for more movies.
Learn more
Insider Perks
Get your swag on with discounted movies to stream at home, exclusive movie gear, access to advanced screenings and discounts galore.
Learn more
Partner Rewards
Collect bonus rewards from our many partners, including AMC, Stubs, Cinemark Connections, Regal Crown Club when you link accounts.
Learn more
Refunds + Exchanges
We know life happens, so if something comes up, you can return or exchange your tickets up until the posted showtime.
Learn more
Join Fandango VIP For Free
(It only takes a few seconds to join)
Already a Fandango VIP? Sign In
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Policies
Terms of Use
Ticket Policy
Promo Code Policy
Gift Card Terms
Cookies and Tracking
Vudu Policy
VIP+ Program Terms
Download Translations
en Español
en Français
auf Deutsch
Last updated: July 1, 2021
This Privacy Policy explains how Fandango Media, LLC and its subsidiary companies, including the businesses operating under the Fandango, FandangoNOW, Vudu, Rotten Tomatoes, Flixster,
Movieclips, Movies.com, Activaterewards.com, MovieTickets.com, or M-GO brands (“Fandango”, “we”, “our” or “us”), collect, use, and share
information from or about you when you use our websites, downloadable applications, interactive TV applications, voice-activated skills, other digital services, connected devices, and
off-line services that link to this policy,  or if you generate ratings/reviews/public comments/content on our properties or engage in business with us (the “Services”).
Note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to our movie ticketing business that operates in Latin America, as that business has a separate privacy policy.
Our Owners
When the Services receive or collect information, that information is being received and collected, and will be owned, by Fandango and each of “Fandango's Owners” (i.e., each
company that has an ownership interest in Fandango). While Fandango's use, handling, disclosure and practices with respect to that information will be governed by this Privacy Policy,
each Fandango’s Owners’ use, handling, disclosure and practices with respect to that information will be governed by that Fandango’s Owners’ privacy policy. Fandango's Owners are
currently NBCUniversal and Warner Bros. If you want to learn more about the privacy practices of NBCUniversal and Warner Bros., we encourage you to review their policies (linked
below):
NBCUniversal Privacy Policy
Warner Bros. Privacy Policy
Your Rights to Dispute
Your use of our websites and our other services are subject to binding individual arbitration of any disputes which may arise, as provided in the Terms and Policies. Please read the arbitration provisions of the Terms and Policies
carefully and do not use the Services if you are unwilling to arbitrate any disputes you may have with us as provided in our Terms and
Policies.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND HOW WE HANDLE YOUR INFORMATION. BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THAT
WE WILL COLLECT, USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION AS SET FORTH BELOW.
Table of Contents
Personal Information We Collect and Purposes
When We Share Your Information
Legal Bases For Use of Your Information
Children
Your Rights
Your Choices
How We Protect Your Information
International Transfers
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Apple AppTrackingTransparency Framework FAQ
1. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND PURPOSES
The tables below explain the categories of information we collect and the purposes for which we use them. Please note that we may use any or all of this information to comply with the
law, detect or prevent fraud, and to defend our legal rights. Further detail about each of the purposes is set out in the “Additional information on purposes of use” table
below.
Swipe left & right to read table
Information you provide to us:
Categories of personal information we collect
Purposes of use
Contact information and account registration
For example: name, email, postal address, telephone number, account user name and password, business contact information, and any information you may provide to us at an
event or in person.
Provide the Services
Personalize your experience
Send you Fandango marketing and advertising
Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices
Protect our users, Services and properties
Build and manage business-to-business relationships
Market and advertise for third parties
Identification and demographics
For example (as permitted by law): date of birth, gender, nationality, ethnicity, interests, lifestyle information, photos, social media credentials, including
identification information about friends, contacts or referrals you provide.
Provide the Services
Personalize your experience
Send you Fandango marketing and advertising
Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices
Protect our users, Services and properties
Market and advertise for third parties
Saved Preferences
For example: when you save on the Services your favorite theaters, favorite movies or genres, or city or zip code theater preferences.
Provide the Services
Personalize your experience
Send you Fandango marketing and advertising
Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices
Protect our users, Services and properties
Market and advertise for third parties
Transactional
For example: credit/debit card details, other payment details (e.g., PayPal, Venmo), purchase history, delivery address, membership information, reservations and other
appointment or travel-related information, meal preferences, loyalty program memberships or subscriptions for companies or services other than Fandango, and the
personal details of any of your guests.
Provide the Services
Personalize your experience
Send you Fandango marketing and advertising
Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices
Protect our users, Services and properties
Market and advertise for third parties
User-generated content
For example: photos, videos, audio, and other information you may submit to us, such as ratings/reviews or comments on our forums.
Provide the Services
Personalize your experience
Send you Fandango marketing and advertising
Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices
Protect our users, Services and properties
Market and advertise for third parties
Research and feedback
For example: comments that you send us through online forms and social media platforms, by email, over the phone, by mail, or in surveys.
Provide the Services
Personalize your experience
Send you Fandango marketing and advertising
Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices
Protect our users, Services and properties
Market and advertise for third parties
Biometric identifiers
For example (as permitted by law): facial scans or fingerprints.
Provide the Services
Personalize your experience
Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices
Protect our users, Services and properties
Health data
For example (as permitted by law): vaccine or symptom related information.
Provide the Services
Protect our users, Services and properties
Audio and video
For example: audio recordings of customer service calls or security video footage if you visit one of our properties.
Provide the Services
Personalize your experience
Protect our users, Services and properties
Swipe left & right to read table
Information we collect automatically from you and/or your device:
Categories of personal information we collect
Purposes of use
Device information and identifiers
For example: IP address, cookie IDs, browser type and language, operating system, platform type, device type, and advertising and app identifiers.
Provide the Services
Personalize your experience
Send you Fandango marketing and advertising
Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices
Protect our users, Services and properties
Market and advertise for third parties
Build and manage business-to-business relationships
Connection and Usage
For example: domain names, browsing activity, scrolling and keystroke activity, theaters searched, locations searched, movies searched, shows viewed, movie trailers or
other advertisements viewed, forms or fields you complete or partially complete, search terms, whether you open an email, content you view and duration, quality of the
service and interaction with the content, logs, and other similar information. If these events occur while you are offline, they may be logged and uploaded to us when
you next connect.
Provide the Services
Personalize your experience
Send you Fandango marketing and advertising
Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices
Protect our users, Services and properties
Market and advertise for third parties
Build and manage business-to-business relationships
Geolocation
For example: city, state and ZIP code associated with your IP address or derived through Wi-Fi triangulation.
We will ask for your permission before using your precise location from GPS-based functionality on your mobile devices.
Provide the Services
Personalize your experience
Send you Fandango marketing and advertising
Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices
Protect our users, Services and properties
Market and advertise for third parties
Build and manage business-to-business relationships
Swipe left & right to read table
Information we collect from third parties:
Categories of personal information we collect
Purposes of use
Sources of information
Information from public and commercial sources
For example: demographic (including at a household level), contact information, information about other members of your household, inferences about your preferences,
viewing and other consumption choices, loyalty program memberships or subscriptions for companies or services other than Fandango, and purchasing data.
Provide the Services
Personalize your experience and make recommendations
Send you Fandango marketing and advertising
Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices
Build and manage business-to-business relationships
Market and advertise for third parties
Advertising providers
Analytics providers
Marketers
Partners (such as for sweepstakes partners)
Consumer data resellers
Public records databases
Content partners
Social Media Information
For example: if you interact with us through a social media service or log in using social media credentials, depending on your social media settings, we may have access
to your information from that social network such as your name, email address, friend list, photo, age, gender, location, birthday, social networking ID, current city,
your comments about the Services, and the people/sites you follow.
Provide the Services
Personalize your experience
Send you Fandango marketing and advertising
Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices
Market and advertise for third parties
Social media networks
Partners of social media networks
Advertising providers
Analytics providers
Marketers
Partners (such as for sweepstakes partners)
Consumer data resellers
Third Party Partners in Connection with Providing the Services
For example: contact information such as authentication information, account legitimacy, search requests, log events, loyalty and membership information, and device
identifiers such as IP addresses, device IDs or other unique identifiers.
Provide the Services
Personalize your experience
Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices
Protect our users, Services and properties
Send you Fandango marketing and advertising
Market and advertise for third parties
Payment Service Providers
TV or Internet Service Providers
Media Companies, Streaming Media Device Providers or Retailers
Mobile Phone Carriers
Movie Theaters
Swipe left & right to read table
Additional information that we collect for business-to-business relationships only:
Categories of personal information we collect
Purposes of use
Sources of information
Business contact information
For example: company name, your name, email address, and job.
Build and manage business-to-business relationships
You
Your company
Trade associations
Social media
Business data resellers
Transactional information
For example: bank details of suppliers, credit/debit card details, purchase history, delivery address.
Build and manage business-to-business relationships
You
Publicly available sources
Demographics
For example (as permitted by law): ethnicity (minority owned businesses), gender (women-owned businesses).
Build and manage business-to-business relationships
You
Your company
Due diligence information
For example: contact information, nationality, job title, age, date of birth, gender, country of residence, employment and education information, public, religious,
political or trade union roles, personal and professional affiliations, connections to criminal activities or offenses related to money laundering.
Compliance and risk management activities for business-to-business relationships
Build and manage business-to-business relationships
You or your company’s responses to our due diligence questions
Third party risk, compliance screening and data validation tools and databases, such as those provided by LexisNexis Risk Solutions. Click here for more information.
Events Information
For example: travel information including passport and visa, meal preferences and restrictions, payment details, and guest’s details.
Build and manage business-to-business relationships
You
Your company
Additional information on purposes of use
Provide the Services, for example:
responding to your requests or inquiries, including technical support
fulfilling orders you have placed
sending you service-related communications
authenticating you or verifying your identity
coordinating the Services or fulfillment with other providers
providing ticketing, payment services, mapping guidance, and offers
displaying content you generate, such as video and comments
carrying out research and analytics for uses including improving the Services and developing new ones
processing your information for promotional campaigns such as sweepstakes and contests, and for surveys, online and offline panels and focus groups
Personalize the experience, for example:
providing you with customized product experience, including personalized newsletters, viewing and other content recommendations from our partners and other
organizations.
creating and updating profiles and audience segments that can be used for analytics, interest-based advertising and marketing on the Services, television, third party
services and platforms, mobile apps and/or websites, connected devices and offline
using inferences about your preferences and interests for any and all of the above purposes
Send you Fandango marketing and advertising, for example:
sending you customized newsletters, surveys and information about products, services and promotions offered by Fandango (with your consent where required) based on your
activities and interests including at a household level
providing you with Fandango advertising based on your activities and interests (including at a household level)
Provide a seamless experience across platforms and devices, for example:
identifying you when you log into the Services on multiple devices or web browsers to provide continuity and to match your interests across devices for the purposes of
analytics, advertising, reporting and to improve the Services
identifying you if your devices have attributes suggesting that they may be used by the same individual or household for purposes of analytics, advertising, reporting
and to improve the Services
Build and manage business-to-business relationships, for example:
pursuing potential business opportunities, including identifying and contacting the correct person within the company
sending communications for business purposes
managing customer, supplier and other business relationships
sending event invitations, marketing emails and campaigns, and tracking the effectiveness of such communications
issuing or paying invoices, and fulfilling contractual commitments
providing business contacts with access to our systems, and managing that access
communicating with you as an influencer about a shared social media campaign, and associated analytics
Market and advertise for third parties, for example:
send you newsletters, promotional emails, surveys and information about products, services and promotions offered by our partners and other organizations with which we
work
customize content that our third-party partners deliver on the Services (e.g., personalized third-party advertising)
create and update inferences about you and audience segments that can be used for interest-based advertising and marketing on the Services, third party services and
platforms, and mobile apps
create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from third parties and matching your interests across devices, which may be used for
third-party marketing and advertising on the Services, television, third party services and platforms, mobile apps and/or websites, connected devices and offline
Compliance and risk management activities for business-to-business relationships, for example:
compliance with laws and regulations
managing third party and other risks to our business
protecting the reputation of our businesses
following the principles of ethical business conduct set out in our Code of Conduct
Protect our users, Services and properties, for example:
protecting the safety and security of users and visitors to the Services
protecting our digital and physical properties
detecting and preventing other activities that may be illegal or in violation of our terms of service
We may combine all the information we collect from or receive about you for the outlined purposes. We may aggregate or deidentify your information and may use, share, rent or sell
aggregated or deidentified information for any purpose, and such information is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Sale of Personal Information: If you, or someone acting on your behalf, would like to request that we do not sell your personal information, you can either click here for such request, or send an email to donotsell@fandango.com. You will also need to clear your cookies and re-set
your MAIDs, as referenced in the link. For more information about how to opt-out of receiving targeted advertising from certain third party advertisers, please see our Cookies Notice.
2. WHEN WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your information with:
Theaters and Event Providers: We may share information so that they may admit you, or address customer service issues at the theater or venue, or help process your
ticketing or transactions, or otherwise to fulfill the Services.
Advertisers, Advertising Networks, and Other Third Parties: We may share information about how you use the Services and interact with content or ads to better
tailor services, products, marketing and advertising on the Services and on third-party platforms. To enable these purposes, we may share certain demographics information,
user-generated content, device information and identifiers, connection and usage data, geolocation data, public and commercial information, and social media information. These
third parties may use their own tracking technologies to collect or request information about you, please see our Cookies Notice for
details.
Partners: We may share your information with third party partners. Depending on the partnership, we may share certain information including contact information (at
your direction), identification and demographic information, transactional information, user-generated content that you provide, research and feedback, device information and identifiers, connection and usage information, public and commercial information, and social media information. We may also share your information with third parties that provide video locker services if you purchase a movie or other show to view at home. Examples of such a third party would be Movies Anywhere. Similarly, we may share your information with the providers of loyalty programs if you take an action in the Services indicating that you would like to obtain a benefit under such a program through activity on the Services.
For instance, when you direct us to share your personal information with another company to fulfill your request, such as:
If you enter a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party, we may share the information you provide for that entry with the sponsor.
When you book travel packages with us that include goods or services provided by third-party partners, such as airlines, ground transportation providers, third-party hotels,
and travel insurance providers.
For service authentication.
If you make a purchase for a third-party product in one of our online shops, we may share the information you provide to allow for the fulfillment of that order.
Social Networks: We may share your information with social media platforms for example, if you click on a Facebook “like” button on the Services, the
“like” may appear on your Facebook account. Or you may choose to share information directly on these platforms using sharing plug-ins. To control this sharing of
information, please review and adjust your privacy settings for the relevant social network. Depending on your privacy settings and actions on such network, we may share contact information,
identification and demographic information, user-generated content, device information and identifiers, connection and usage data, and social media information.
Service Providers: We engage vendors to perform services for business purposes on our behalf and share information with them to enable them to provide us with such
services, including research and analytics, hosting, transaction and payment processing, promotion administration, fraud prevention, identity management, acquisition and other services.
Service providers may use such information for their operational purposes in order to provide their services to us.
Research and Measurement Companies: We may share information about content you view on the Services with video measurement services such as Nielsen TV Ratings, as
well as other analytics providers. See Your Rights and Your Choices sections for more information.
Search Engines: You may be able to engage with other members of the Services or the public. This may make the name and photo associated with your profile and any
comments or user-generated content you provide visible to other members of the Services or the general public. If the information is available to the general public, it may also be searchable
by search engines.
Law Enforcement, Regulators, Anti-fraud Coalitions and Other Groups: We share any of the categories of information we collect, as appropriate, with these third
parties in order to: protect and enforce the legal rights, privacy, and safety of ourselves and our visitors; protect against possible fraud or other illegal activity; respond to requests from
government and other authorities; and otherwise comply with legal process.
Other Sharing: We may share information about you, often along with a hashed or masked identifier, with third parties so they may better personalize your
experience with them and the advertising and other offers they show or otherwise send you or for advertising measurement or analytics. With your appropriate consent when required, and consistent with
applicable law, we may share your video viewing behavior with third parties including service providers, advertising companies, analytics partners, and social media sites.
Sale or Transfer of All or Part of Our Business or Assets: In the event that Fandango (or any Fandango business) is involved in a merger, acquisition, transfer of
control, bankruptcy, reorganization or sale of assets, we may sell or transfer the information described in this Privacy Policy as part of that transaction or diligence associated with or
in contemplation of such matters.
Sale of Personal Information: Under California law, certain of the information sharing described above may be categorized as the “sale” of
“personal information” under certain circumstances. California law broadly defines “sale” in a way that may include allowing third parties to receive certain information
such as cookies, IP address, device identifiers or other hashed identifiers, interests, browsing behavior and/or other activity to add to a profile about your device, browser, or you. This profile
enables marketing to you and delivery of interest-based advertising on the Services or other sites. Advertising, including interest-based advertising, enables Fandango to provide you
certain content and provide relevant offers to you.
Depending on what Services you use, we may share the following categories of information for such purposes which may be considered a sale (as defined by California law):
identification and demographics; device information and identifiers, such as IP address, and unique advertising identifiers and cookies; connection and usage information, such as browsing history or
app usage; hashed identifiers [contact information], geolocation information, such as city; and inference data. To the extent that it does constitute such a “sale”, you may opt
out of that sale through the mechanism described below.
3. LEGAL BASES FOR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Laws other than the federal, state and local laws of the United States do not apply to our watch-at-home movie Services (e.g., FandangoNOW/M-GO and Vudu) as content from those Services
can be viewed only in the United States.  Similarly, for our movie ticketing Services (e.g., Flixster, Fandango.com and MovieTickets.com), the only laws that shall apply are the laws of the
countries in which the theaters ticketed by each respective Service are located. The information set forth below in this section is applicable only to European Users of Rotten Tomatoes. It
supplements certain sections of this Privacy Policy and provides additional information that should be read together with other sections of this Privacy Policy. To the extent there is any conflict between
this section and another section of this Privacy Policy, this section shall govern.
When this policy mentions “Fandango”, “we”, “our” or “us”, it refers to the company or companies responsible for your information under this
Privacy Policy (or “Data Controller”). This includes Fandango Media, LLC and Fandango’s Owners (as defined above), currently NBCUniversal, LLC and Warner Bros (please see above for
further information on these companies).
The laws of some jurisdictions, such as the European Union, the UK, or Brazil, require companies to tell you about the legal basis for using, sharing, or disclosing your information. To
the extent those laws apply, we may rely on the following legal bases:
Performance of a contract: where use of your information is necessary to provide you with the Services under a contract, for example the terms of service.
Legitimate interest: where use of your information is necessary for our or others’ legitimate interests and where the use is not outweighed by your rights and
interests. Below are some examples of such interests:
providing the Services
improving the Services and developing new ones
recognizing and better understanding our users, including across platforms
conducting security and fraud prevention activities
marketing and promoting our content and services
building and managing business-to-business relationships
conducting compliance and risk management activities
providing and managing access to our systems
Legal obligation: where use of your information is necessary to comply with laws and regulations such as those relating to anti-bribery and corruption and
anti-money-laundering, complying with requests from government bodies or courts, or responding to litigation.
With consent: we may ask for your consent to process your information in a certain way. Where we rely on this basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent at
any time – please see the Your Rights and Your Choices sections below to do this.
How Long We Keep Your Information
We will keep your information only for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes described above, unless a longer retention is required or permitted by law. We may delete or
de-identify your information sooner if we receive a verifiable deletion request, subject to exemptions under applicable law. The retention period that applies to your information may
vary depending on the Services you use and how you interact with them.
4. CHILDREN
The Services are not designed or intended for use by children under 13, and thus if you are under 13 we ask that you do not use the Services or provide us with any information. If we
discover that we have inadvertently gathered any such information then we will, to the extent required by law, delete such information from our records. There is one exception to this:
we may offer a Service that is directed to children under the age of 13, and if we do it will state that it collects information from children, and it will also have a separate privacy
policy posted detailing the practices specific to that Service. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child under 13 has provided us with information without his or her
consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@fandango.com.
5. YOUR RIGHTS
Depending on where you live, you may have certain rights with respect to your information. You have the right not to be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for
exercising your rights under some local laws such as in California.
For example, under local laws, including in the European Union, you may be able to ask us to:
provide access to certain information we hold about you, in some cases in a portable format, if technically feasible
update or correct your information
delete certain information
restrict the use of your information
We will respond within the time period prescribed by applicable law. Please note that many of the above rights are subject to exceptions and limitations. You have the right not to be
discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your rights under some local laws such as in California.
Some Services can be provided only if we have your information, therefore deletion of your information will result in termination of such Services.
We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, including authenticating you through an email address. We may require further documentation such as a password and user ID before
granting access to your information.
You may submit the following types of requests as follows:
Request Categories of Information: If you, or someone acting on your behalf, would like to request that we tell you the categories of personal
information we collect, the categories of sources from which personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal
information, the categories of third parties with which the business shares personal information, the categories of information about you that we sell, the categories of third
parties to whom the personal information was sold, or the categories of personal information that were disclosed for a business purpose, you or someone acting on your behalf can
either click here for such request,
or send an email to accessdata@fandango.com.
Request Specific Information: If you, or someone acting on your behalf, would like to request that we tell you about some of the specific personal
information that we hold about you, you or someone acting on your behalf can either click here for such request, or
send an email to accessdata@fandango.com.
Request Deletion: If you, or someone acting on your behalf, would like to request that we delete information that we hold about you, you or someone
acting on your behalf can either click
here for such request, or send an email to deletedata@fandango.com. Note that certain information about you will not be deleted
if you request such a deletion, as may be permitted by law. Also note that we will not be able to provide you with certain Services upon a deletion. You will also need to clear
your cookies and re-set your MAIDs, as referenced in the link.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information: If you, or someone acting on your behalf, would like to request that we do not sell your personal information, you or someone acting on your
behalf can either click here for such request, or send
an email to donotsell@fandango.com. You will also need to clear your cookies and re-set your MAIDs, as referenced in the link. For more information about how to opt-out of receiving
targeted advertising from certain third party advertisers, please see our Cookies Notice.
California residents may view annual consumer request metrics here.
Your rights and our responses will vary based on your state or country of residency. Please note that you may be located in a jurisdiction where we are not obligated, or are unable, to
fulfill a request. In such a case, your request may not be fulfilled.  In addition, the above requests do not apply to Fandango’s Owners, who are currently NBCUniversal and Warner Bros. To send
them requests, please visit their websites.
If you have any unresolved concerns, you may have the right to complain to your local data protection authority.
Additional Rights for California Residents: Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which the Services have disclosed certain personal
information (as defined by California law) during the preceding year for those third parties' direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and want such a list, please
contact us at Fandango, Attn: Privacy Officer, 407 N. Maple Dr., Suite 300, Beverly Hills, CA 90210. For all requests, you must put the statement “Your California Privacy
Rights” in the body of your request, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. In the body of your request, please provide enough information for us to determine if this
applies to you. You need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. Please note that we will not accept
requests via the telephone, email, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
6. YOUR CHOICES
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We and our service providers, advertisers, and other third parties use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., HTTP cookies, HTML 5, flash local storage cookies, web beacons, GIFs,
embedded scripts, ETags/cache browsers, hashed identifiers and software development kits) to recognize you on, off, and across the Services and your devices. For more information about
the use of cookies and similar technologies on the Services (including your opt-out choices) please see our Cookies Notice.
Mobile App and Connected Devices
Depending on the device you use, you may be able to manage your advertising and location preferences through your device settings and as outlined in our Cookies Notice. Many operating systems provide their own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application
advertisements. We do not control how the applicable platform operator allows you to manage personalized in-application advertisements. You should review your device manufacturer’s
support materials and/or the device settings for the respective operating systems for more detail on how to manage such preferences.
You may opt out of location data collection on our mobile app(s) by managing your location preferences in the “My Account” section of that app, or by disabling the GPS
services for that app on your mobile device. To adjust access to location data, go to the settings menu on your mobile device and adjust the location configurations for the Fandango app.
You can stop all collection of information by a mobile app by uninstalling the app.
Third-Party Online Services
The Services may be provided through and/or utilize features (such as voice controls) of third party platforms or contain links to third party services. These other platforms (such as
gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, and set top boxes) and sites (even if co-branded as Fandango) may collect information about you and use this information in accordance with their
own privacy policies and terms of service. We do not control those third parties’ policies or practices. Where Fandango collects personal information on a co-branded website or service, we will
provide a link to our privacy policy as appropriate. In some circumstances, we may host some websites on behalf of others and those entities may place or permit the placement of cookies and other
tracking technology.  We are not responsible for these tracking practices.
Google Maps
If you use Google Maps / Google Earth as part of the Services, you agree to comply with the Google Maps / Google Earth Additional Terms of Service (including the Google Privacy Policy). Further, you agree that Google, and not Fandango, shall be responsible for any of your
information Google receives as a result of your use of Google Maps / Google Earth.
7. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We maintain organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to help protect the information we collect and use. These safeguards vary depending upon a variety of factors including
the sensitivity of the information we collect and use. Despite all reasonable practices, no security method is infallible.
8. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Fandango is a global company and has its headquarters in the United States. We may transfer your information to those described in this Privacy Policy outside of your country of
residence, including in the United States and other countries. This is necessary to provide the Services and for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Data privacy laws vary
from country to country and they may not be equivalent to, or as protective as, the laws in your home country. We take steps to ensure that reasonable safeguards are in place with an
aim to ensure an appropriate level of protection for your information, in accordance with applicable law. By providing us with your information, you acknowledge any such transfer,
storage or use.
9. UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes to our practices or the law. We will make the revised Privacy Policy accessible through the Services.
Please check the Services periodically for updates.
The date at the top of this Privacy Policy tells you when it was last updated. If we make material changes to the way we collect or use your information, you will be provided with
appropriate notice, including, but not limited to, by posting the updated Privacy Policy on this website, and providing notice in accordance with legal requirements. Any changes to
this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted. By continuing to use the Services following any changes to this Privacy Policy, you acknowledge you
have read and understand the updated Privacy Policy, and you understand that we will collect, use, and share information as stated therein.
10. CONTACT US
For any questions in relation to this Privacy Policy please contact us at privacy@fandango.com or Fandango, ATTN: Legal Department, 407 N.
Maple Dr., Suite 300, Beverly Hills, CA 90210.
We have separate policies for workforce data, which is governed by the policies of our parent company, NBCUniversal. For example, please see the Candidate Privacy Statement to find out more about the information collected during our recruitment process.
11. APPLE APPTRACKINGTRANSPARENCY FRAMEWORK FAQ
If you use Fandango applications on an Apple device, you may notice some changes both in the app store and in the consents available. In an effort to provide clarity, we have offered
some additional information below.
How do the categories in the Apple menu compare with your Privacy Policy?
The Apple menu reflects categories of information collected through our Apple app while our Privacy Policy covers information collected through both Apple and non-Apple app products and services.
Apple provided pre-defined categories that cannot be changed or clarified within the app store. Our Privacy
Policy provides a more detailed overview of the categories of data we collect with examples to help you understand more about our services.
There are some differences in Apple’s categories and the categories in our Privacy Policy. For example:
We use the category “transactional” to describe credit cards and other information that may be collected during a purchase as well as your purchase history and Apple
uses the term “financial” to describe credit cards and “purchase history” to cover other information related to your purchase.
We use the term “connection and usage” to describe data collected from your browsing history, search term history, and other interactions with our applications (such as
clicking on a news story) while Apple uses “browsing history”, “search history” and “usage data” respectively.
The Apple store says my information is linked. What does that mean?
Depending on the app you are using, we or our partners may link data collected on your application to your account, device, or identity for a variety of purposes. For example, we and our partners may link information in order to:
Personalize your experience by tailoring viewing and content recommendations to you;
Identifying you when you log-into our services so we can remember where you left off on a movie or tv show you were viewing;
Customize advertising or marketing messaging; or
As otherwise described in our Privacy Policy.
The Apple store says my information is being used to track me. What does that mean?
Depending on the app you use, we may use information collected from that app (including user or device data) together with data collected from other apps, websites and properties we
do not own to tailor advertising on our app, inform you of our products and services outside of the app, and measure those activities using third parties. This helps us to continue to
provide you with the high-quality content that you love to watch and read as well as offers that are more relevant to you.
If I do not consent to ‘tracking’ on an Apple device what happens?
Apple’s tracking consent restricts Fandango from linking data collected from that app with third-party data for targeted advertising or advertising measurement. If you do not
consent within a specific Fandango Apple app, you may still receive tailored advertising or content recommendations from us, including targeted ads or recommendations based on the
data that we collect from you directly elsewhere, including data collected across other Fandango (or its co-owners’ NBCUniversal and Warner Bros.) applications, websites and
platforms or based on data collected directly by our co-owners NBCUniversal and Warner Bros. In addition, your choice does not affect the data collected prior to the launch of
Apple’s Tracking Transparency framework. For more recently collected data, we will apply your most recent tracking choice to all the applicable data collected since the launch of
the framework. For more information about your choices around data collection generally, please see the Your Rights and
Your Choices sections in our Privacy Policy.
Offers
image link
Get An Epic Flick Movie Rental
when you buy 1 participating bag of Twizzlers candy.
SEE DETAILS
image link
Get A Vudu Promo Code
when you purchase two good2grow beverages.
SEE DETAILS
image link
Get A $10 Vudu Promo Code
when you buy $20 of participating pizzas at Walmart.
SEE DETAILS
New & Coming soon
Black Widow (2021)
Space Jam: A New Legacy (2021)
Old (2021)
Snake Eyes (2021)
Stillwater (2021)
Jungle Cruise (2021)
The Green Knight (2021)
The Suicide Squad (2021)
Experience + Explore
Movies In Theaters
Movie Actors and Actresses
Mobile
New For Streaming
Special Offers
Gift Cards
Editorial Features
Summer Movie Guide
Awards Watch
Indie Movie Guide
Family Guide
House Of Screams
Movie News
Videos
Movie Trailers
Weekly Ticket
Mom's Movie Minute
Photos
Red Carpet Premieres
August Celebrity Birthdays
Award Shows Red Carpets
Follow Us
Fandango on Facebook
Fandango on Twitter
Fandango on Instagram
Fandango on Youtube
Get Updates On All Things Movies
Privacy Policy
Thanks for signing up!
Get Fandango Apps
Fandango iOS App
Fandango Android App
Refunds & Exchanges
Help
My Fandango
About Fandango
Careers
Advertising
Link to Us
Affiliate Program
Fandango Rewards
Site Index
Your Privacy Rights - Privacy Policy
Terms and Policies
AdChoices
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
California Notice
Fandango Affiliated Companies:
Vudu
FandangoNOW
Movieclips
Rotten Tomatoes
Flixster.com
MovieTickets.com
Ingresso
© 2021 Fandango