ScottXXX.com - Exclusive British Foot Fetish Action! - Privacy Policy
WARNING - This site is for adults only!
This web site contains sexually explicit material:
You are an adult in your community and are at least 18 years old (21 in some communities). You will not expose minors to the sexually explicit content you are about to view. You believe that sexually explicit material is not offensive or obscene. You will use the material available on this website for your own personal use. Sexually explicit material is not deemed to be obscene or illegal in your community and you wish to view such material. l use and will not sell, distribute, give or make available the content on this website to anyone. You will take the appropriate steps in order to make sure no minor is able to view the content on this site. You have read this agreement, understood it and agree to be bound by it.
I AGREE - ENTER
EXIT
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement
This website is owned and operated by Spunk Films
Home
Videos
Models
Shop
Model 4 Us
OUR SITES
Member Login
Join Now!
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which ScottXXX.com collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the http://www.ScottXXX.com website ("Site").
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
ScottXXX.com may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To run and operate our Site
We may need your information display content on the Site correctly.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send them information and updates pertaining to their order.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Electronic newsletters
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
ScottXXX.com has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.
This document was last updated on March 25, 2020
BECOME A MEMBER! JOIN NOW!
Over 300 Movies!
Unlimited Streaming
Exclusive Movies
The Hottest Sneaker Sex
Weekly Updates
Discreet Billing
Home |
Photos |
Videos |
Models |
Shop |
Model 4 Us |
Member Login |
Join Now!
This website contains naked men engaging in homosexual sex acts. Leave now if you are offended by such material, or if you are under the age of 18, or if you live in a community where viewing or possessing adult material is prohibited by law. All models and the characters that they portray located within our domain were 18 years of age or older during the time of photography.
Any unauthorised file sharing, broadcasting, public performance, copying or re-recording will constitute an infringement of copyright and legal action will be taken.
NEED HELP? Privacy Policy | Support Centre
Official ScottXXX Merchandise Store | Scott Sniff Socks Official Blog
| Our Sites
© 2021 ScottXXX.com - Exclusive British Foot Fetish Action!.
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement
This website is owned and operated by Spunk Films