Privacy Policy
[Last
modified: March 7, 2018]
The
Company (“Company” or “us” or “our”) adheres to the practices
detailed in this Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") in respect of your use of the offer which includes
the Company search product currently known as “Search Marquis” (“Offer”) and
our Service provided therein (as defined in our Terms of Service. We respect
our users’ privacy and we have designed
this Privacy Policy so that you can clearly understand our privacy and data
collection practices. We recommend you to read this Privacy Policy carefully
prior to accessing or using our Service. Definitions herein shall have the same
meaning as defined in the Terms of Service.
This Privacy Policy is an integrated part of our
Terms of Service (collectively
“Terms”) and is a legally binding agreement between you and us upon any
use or attempt to use our Services, including any portion thereof. IF YOU DO
NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS, DOWNLOAD OR AGREE TO THE OFFER,
OR USE THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER.
You represent and warrant that you are at
least 13 years of age. We do not use the Services to knowingly collect data
from and/or market the Offer children under the age of 13. In the event that we
become aware that a user under the age of 13 has shared any information, we
will discard such information. If you become aware that a child under the age
of 13 has shared any information with us, please contact us at info@searchmarquis.com. If you are under 18, please be sure to read this policy with your
parents or legal guardians.
The Information
We Collect and Purpose of Use
We collect non-identifiable aggregated
information ("Non-Personal Information") about your device and
your use of Services. Non-Personal Information which is collected includes:
technical information transmitted by your device, your aggregated use of the
Service, statistics, type of browser and default search preference, operating system
type, language and the time and date you access and use the Service, website
which you lead you to the Offer, approximate geographical location, Internet
Service Provider (ISP), Internet Protocol address (IP), etc. Note that, in some
jurisdictions some of this data, such as IP address, might be considered as
“Personal Information”. We use the Non-Personal Information solely to provide
the Service, and to further improve, refine, customize and develop those
Services, as well as to perform research, and conduct associated analytical and
statistical activities.
If you contact us for support or
otherwise in relation to the Offer or use of the Services and voluntarily
provide to us identifiable information, including your name and email address,
we may collect such identifiable information ("Personal Information").
This information will be collected by us solely to communicate with you and
provide you with the Service or support you have requested.
Wherever
technically possible, we will ask for your consent to collect your Personal
Information and offer you the choice to opt-out.
Sharing Data with Third Parties
We do not share your Personal
Information with any third parties. However, we may disclose such information
if we have a good faith belief that the disclosure is reasonably necessary in
order to: (i) comply with applicable law, regulation or governmental request
and collaborate with law enforcement; (ii) enforce our policies and agreements,
and establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; (iii) investigate,
detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other
wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) prevent harm to the
rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party; and
(v) enforce intellectual property or other legal rights.
The Non-Personal Information we
collect may be used or shared for the same purposes as detailed above with
respect to Personal Information, as well as for the purpose of providing and
improving our Services, internally within the Company to conduct business and
marketing analysis. We may share such information with third
party service provider partners (i.e., search
feed providers, customer service, marketing assistance, ad tracking, service
functionality and support, etc.) and other
third parties, in order to
assist us in analyzing how our Offer and Services are used, and in
accordance with the terms of this Policy.
In addition, we may share your
information with a parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other
companies under common control solely if and when applicable or necessary for
the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We may share information, in the
event of a corporate transaction (e.g. sale of a substantial part of our
business, merger, consolidation or asset sale), provided however, that our
affiliated companies or acquiring company will assume the rights and
obligations as described in this Privacy Policy;
If we combine Personal Information
with Non-Personal Information, the combined information will be treated as
Personal Information for as long as it combined.
If you are a resident of the European Economic
Area ("EEA") we will take appropriate steps to ensure that
your Personal Information receives an adequate level of data protection upon its
transfer outside of the EEA. If you are a resident of a jurisdiction where
transfer of your Personal Information requires your consent, then your consent
to this Privacy Policy includes your express consent for such transfer of your
data
Cookie
Policy
We or our third-party service providers (i.e., Google Analytics)
may use cookies.  Cookies are small text
files that are placed on your device by websites that you visit. They are
widely used in order to make websites work more efficiently, as well as to
provide the Services and functionalities for users, and make the interaction
between you the Offer or Services quicker and easier. Cookies enable you to
improve your experience or remember your actions and preferences. You may use
your device or browser’s settings to disable some cookies. However, if you
choose to disable cookies, some features of our Services who rely upon the use
of cookies, may not operate properly.
More information about cookies is available at: www.allaboutcookies.org. In Addition, information with respect to Google’s use of the
data from our use of Google Analytics Cookies, is available in Google’s
policies located at: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners. We also recommend you to read about Google Analytics’ currently
available opt-outs available at:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Third
Party Content
This
Privacy Policy does not cover third-party services, third party providers or
third party sites or your access and use of such. Those privacy practices may
differ from ours, and
we do not control the privacy and security practices and policies of these
third parties and their sites. We are not, and won’t be held responsible to
such privacy practices. Thus, we recommend you to carefully review the
applicable third-party privacy policy.
Your Rights
You may remove the Offer and reset
your device settings at any time.
Depending
on applicable data privacy and related laws in your jurisdiction, you may have
certain rights in respect of your Personal Information, including the right to
access your Personal Information, request to delete, correct or amend it.  Please contact us at: info@searchmarquis.com in relation to the exercise of any
of your rights. In the event you make such request,
note that we may require certain information from you in order to verify your
identity and locate your data.
In addition, even after providing your consent to
this Privacy Policy, you are entitled to change your mind. You may opt out of the data
collection and sharing process by adjusting your “Settings” menu. Note that
once you opt out, part of the Services provided by us might no longer be
available.
Further, you may opt out of certain third
parties’ cookies and browser-enabled, at the Network Advertising Initiative’s
(“NAI”) website- NAI
consumer opt-out and the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“DAA”)
website- DAA opt-out page.
Data Retention and Security
We
retain the information we collect solely for as long as required to fulfil the
purposes for which it was collected.
However, in some circumstances we may retain the information we collect
for longer periods, for example, when we are required to do so in accordance with
legal or tax requirements, or if we reasonably believe, at our discretion, that
we need to obtain an accurate record of your correspondence or any dealing with
us, for example, in the event of any complaints. We use high security
techniques to prevent your information from being accessed, used or disclosed without
authorization, unlawfully destructed or accidental loss. However, although we
make best efforts we can’t provide 100% security and we cannot be held
responsible for unauthorized or unintended access that is beyond our control.
If you believe that your privacy was treated not in accordance with the
provisions herein, or you have reasonable concern with that any person
attempted to abuse our Service, please contact us info@searchmarquis.com
Do
Not Track Disclosure
The
Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals. For more information about Do
Not Track signals, please see http://www.allaboutdnt.com/.
Changes to the
Terms
We reserve the
right, at our discretion, to revise or update these Terms at any time. Such
changes shall be effective upon publication of the amended Terms. The last
revision will be reflected in the “Last Modified” heading. YOUR CONTINUED USE
OF THE SERVICES THEREAFTER CONSTITUTES YOU CONSENT TO SUCH CHANGES AND YOU
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM. PLEASE MAKE SURE TO REVIEW OUR TERMS PERIODICALLY. In the event of material changes
that will adversely affect your use of the Service or the data collection by
us, we will make best efforts to provide you with notification through the
Service.
Contact
Us
If
you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@searchmarquis.com.