Privacy
Youtube Ad Blocker Privacy Policy
The Youtube Ad Blocker Privacy Policy applies to your use of our Extension (“Extension”), which is built and maintained by Youtube Ad Blocker. (“We”).
We care about your privacy and will never collect personally identifiable information or monitor usage on an individual level.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a prominent notice on our site. When there is a material change to the reference notices or the extension software, we will notify you though a pop-up in your web browser. At that point you will be given the chance to accept the new changes and update the extension or decline the new changes and do not update the extension. Uninstall instructions are also presented at this point.
Information we collect during Extension Installation
The information We collect is for basic reporting purposes only, and includes the following:
a)	Date and time of installation
b)	Date and time of un-installation
c)	Originating IP address and the user’s country at time of installation/un-installation
d)	Extension status in Internet Explorer or Firefox (i.e. if a Extension is hidden or displayed in the browser)
e)	Partner ID at time of installation
f)	Extension version at time of installation
Information we collect during Extension Usage
We do not monitor the web pages you visit.
When you perform a search, your search may be sent through our servers in order to optimize the search result.
This will record the following anonymous usage information:
a)	Date and time of search
b)	Originating IP address
c)	Partner / Channel ID of your Extension
d)	Extension version
e)	Search term
In addition, your web browser will communicate to us the same information it gives to every web server on the Internet.
This could include information such as your computer hardware and software attributes, cookies for our site, and the URL of web page you are requesting.
How we use the Information we collect
Information we collect from you is used on an aggregate basis and for reporting purposes only.
For example, we measure the total number of Extension installations per month in order to pay our partners, the total number of Extension searches conducted per month to measure growth patterns, the number of Extensions used in Microsoft Internet Explorer or Mozilla Firefox per month to study browser trends, and so on.
All information is collected in aggregate and never measured on an individual basis.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personally identifiable information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We take privacy seriously and will only use the information you are providing for the sole purpose of following up on your request. We will not share your information with third parties unless legally required without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
If you would like access to your personal information to correct, update, or delete it, please contact us as described below:
Profiti Ilias 4, Germasogeia, Cyprus
Email: skipvideoads2@gmail.com
Information collected by Third Parties
Search results pages you visit when performing a search using the Extension are provided by our search engine partners (i.e. Yahoo, Baidu, Yandex, eBay, Amazon).
These search engines can track the following:
a)	Search term that was entered into the search box
b)	Originating IP address and the user’s country or OS language setting
c)	Sponsored listings or other advertisements that were clicked on
d)	That the search request came from the [partner name] Extension and its associated revenue tag
No Spyware
The Extension does not collect personally identifiable information or monitor your surfing behavior.
No Adware
The Extension does not launch pop-up or pop-under advertisements, or any other obtrusive forms of advertising.
Use of Cookies
When you conduct a search using the Extension, our content providers who supply search results (i.e. Yahoo, Baidu, Yandex, eBay, Amazon) may set or access cookies on your computer.
The cookies are used for the purpose of measuring referrals from our Extension on an aggregate basis and are not tied to your personal information.
Many browsers offer users the option of declining cookies. If you do not wish to accept cookies, please modify the settings in your browser.
Extension Updates
The extension communicates with our servers from time to time to check for available software updates such as bug fixes, patches, enhanced functions and new versions. By installing the extension, you agree to automatically request and receive updates. When there is a material change to the reference notices or the extension software, we will notify you though a pop-up in your web browser. At that point you will be given the chance to accept the new changes and update the extension or decline the new changes and do not update the extension. Uninstall instructions are also presented at this point. If you wish to turn off automatic updates, you can do so from the "Options" menu in the extension.
Extension Deactivation
You can easily hide or deactivate the Extension in Internet Explorer or FireFox by selecting View > Extensions, and then unselecting the checkbox for the Extension.
Effective Date: January 18, 2020
©2021 Youtube Ad Blocker |
Privacy |
Terms & Conditions |
Uninstall