Privacy Policy :: SmiteFire
Please verify that you are not a bot to cast your vote.
Help Support
Our Growing Community
SmiteFire is a community that lives to help every Smite player take their game to the next level by having open access to all our tools and resources. Please consider supporting us by whitelisting us in your ad blocker!
Want to support SmiteFire with an ad-free experience? You can support us ad-free for less than $1 a month!
Go Ad-Free
MFN
God Build Guides for Smite Play
MFN
Create
Create a Guide
Create God Concept
Write a Blog
Guides
Browse All Guides
Top Rated Guides
Newest Guides
Gods
Smite Gods
God Skills
Smite Items
Community
Forums
Blogs
God Concepts
Videos
Streams
MFN
MOBAFire
WildRiftFire
LeagueSpy
CounterStats
DOTAFire
HeroesFire
VaingloryFire
RuneterraFire
ArtifactFire
OverwatchFire
Gods
Guides
Skills
Members
Items
Join or Log In
Search
To Top
Browse All Guides
Smite Gods
Forums
Create a Guide
Top Rated Guides
God Skills
Create God Concept
Blogs
Newest Guides
Smite Items
God Concepts
Videos
Write a Blog
Streams
Join the leading SMITE community.Create and share God Guides and Builds.
Account Login
Your Account Email
Password
Remember me
Reset Password
Create an MFN Account
Your Desired Username
Your Email Address
Confirm Email
Password
Confirm Password
I have read and agree to the user agreement. View our privacy policy.
I want to subscribe to our newsletter.
I want to receive promotions from our partners.
Login
Social Login
Or
Create Account
Social Register
MOBAFire
WildRiftFire
LeagueSpy
CounterStats
DOTAFire
HeroesFire
VaingloryFire
RuneterraFire
ArtifactFire
OverwatchFire
Gods
Guides
Skills
Members
Items
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
SmiteFire is commited to protecting your privacy and complying with all global privacy laws to the best of our ability. To ensure we are as compliant as possible we collect very little information and we protect that information with strong security. To find out more about specific topics related to our privacy policies please read below.
Our Policies
What information do we collect?
SmiteFire collects very little personal information. You are free to use the site without giving us any personal information but if you register we need your email address, a user name and a password. If you log in with social media we associate and store your social media account with your MFN account. We collect information from you when you register on our site. We also record IP addresses for anonymous voting and other general security purposes.
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, and other third party vendors, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To provide advertisements targeted to your interests. Advertising supports our network and pays the bills to keep our services running at not cost to our users.
How do we protect your information?
Our network of sites is hosted in the United States by top tier service providers who take privacy and security as seriously as you do. In order to protect the limited personal data we collect we implement physical, technial and administrative safeguards designed to keep data protected. Access to personal information is restricted to people who need it only.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
3rd Parties and Privacy
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
The following 3rd parties are considered trusted and are used throughout the MOBAFire Network:
Facebook, Google +, Twitter, Battle.net and Steam are all used to for social logins and for sharing media. They all have their own privacy polocies that you would have agreed to in order to use thier services on our network. We do not have access to, or share any information with these services, we only receive a pass or fail response to your logins and we associate your social media account with your MFN account.
Google Analytics: Our network of sites use Google Analytics to process data about how our sites are used. We transmit usage data to Google in the United States for processing. Google stores this data for us to generate reports to help us understand how our sites are accessed and used. Google Analytics does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. See Google's privacy policy. You can opt out of Google Analytics by disabling or blocking the cookie, disabling JavaScript or use Google's opt-out service
Recaptcha is used to verify users are not bots when doing things like anonymous voting or submitting forms. See recaptcha (Google) privacy policy for more information
Cloudflare is used to cache pages and speed up site delivery. To learn more about what data Cloudflare collects and how they use it view their privacy policy.
Venatus Media handles all advertising on our network. They collect data for direct and programmatic advertising sales through use of pixel trackers and ad tags. Learn more about Venatus Media and their Privacy Policy.
Advertising
Through Venatus Media we use a wide variety of other companies under agreements with us to serve third-party advertisements when you visit and use our network of sites. These companies may collect and use click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over during your visits to our network and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use tracking technologies to collect this information. Other companies' use of their tracking technologies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Compliance with regional privacy protection laws
GDPR
We strive to comply with the EU GDPR laws. We only collect personally identifiable information when registering on our site and this information only includes a user name, email and password. You may request the removal of this personal information at any time by emailing us at feedback@smitefire.com regardelss of your location. Content created on our website is not considered personally identifiable and is not included as part of this agreement.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent. We do not collect age, gender, location or other personal information about anyone.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy, the use of cookies and the use of our 3rd party partners. Information collected by registering on this site, specifically email, user name and password may be removed by emailing feedback@smitefire.com
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any updates to our privacy policy will be posted on this page, and/or we'll update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on March 11, 2021
SmiteFire & Smite
Smite is an online battleground between mythical gods. Players choose from a selection of gods, join session-based arena combat and use custom powers and team tactics against other players and minions. Smite is inspired by Defense of the Ancients (DotA) but instead of being above the action, the third-person camera brings you right into the combat. And, instead of clicking a map, you use WASD to move, dodge, and fight your way through the detailed graphics of SMITE's battlegrounds.
Smite Gods
Assassins
Arachne
Awilix
Bakasura
Bastet
Camazotz
Da Ji
Fenrir
Hun Batz
Kali
Loki
Mercury
Ne Zha
Nemesis
Pele
Ratatoskr
Ravana
Serqet
Set
Susano
Thanatos
Thor
Tsukuyomi
Guardians
Ares
Artio
Athena
Bacchus
Cabrakan
Cerberus
Cthulhu
Fafnir
Ganesha
Geb
Jormungandr
Khepri
Kumbhakarna
Kuzenbo
Sobek
Sylvanus
Terra
Xing Tian
Yemoja
Ymir
Hunters
Ah Muzen Cab
Anhur
Apollo
Artemis
Cernunnos
Charybdis
Chernobog
Chiron
Cupid
Danzaburou
Hachiman
Heimdallr
Hou Yi
Izanami
Jing Wei
Medusa
Neith
Rama
Skadi
Ullr
Xbalanque
Warriors
Achilles
Amaterasu
Bellona
Chaac
Cu Chulainn
Erlang Shen
Gilgamesh
Guan Yu
Hercules
Horus
King Arthur
Mulan
Nike
Odin
Osiris
Sun Wukong
Tyr
Vamana
Mages
Agni
Ah Puch
Anubis
Ao Kuang
Aphrodite
Baba Yaga
Baron Samedi
Chang'e
Chronos
Discordia
Eset
Freya
Hades
He Bo
Hel
Hera
Janus
Kukulkan
Merlin
Morgan Le Fay
Nox
Nu Wa
Olorun
Persephone
Poseidon
Ra
Raijin
Scylla
Sol
The Morrigan
Thoth
Tiamat
Vulcan
Zeus
Zhong Kui
View All Gods
Mobafire Network
MOBAFire.com
LeagueSpy.gg
CounterStats.net
Teamfight Tactics
WildRiftFire.com
RuneterraFire.com
SMITEFire.com
DOTAFire.com
ArtifactFire.com
HeroesFire.com
VaingloryFire.com
MMORPG.com
Join MFN
#Social
Contact Us
Job Openings
Advertising
Partnerships
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
SMITEFire is the place to find the perfect build guide to take your game to the next level. Learn how to play a new god, or fine tune your favorite SMITE gods’s build and strategy.
Copyright © 2019 SMITEFire | All Rights Reserved