Home
Styles
Diaries
Shop
Signup
Login
Login
Create
Clothing
Tops
Shirts
Dresses
Pants
Jeans
Skirts
Jumpsuits
Shorts
Stoles & Scarves
Outerwear
Leggings & Jeggings
Lingerie
Footwear
Heels
Flats
Flip Flops
Sports shoes
Boots
Ethnic shoes
Casual shoes
Bags
Handbags
Tote Bags
Clutches
Sling Bags
Laptop Bags
Backpacks
Accessories
Earrings
Neck Pieces
Hair Accessories
Rings
Belts
Bracelets & Anklets
Eyewear
Watches
Mobile Cases
Caps & Hats
Gloves
Umbrella
Beauty
Make-up
Bath & Body
Fragrance
Hair
Tools & Accessories
Get Free Access To Our Publishing Tools And Create New Ideas
Sign up to see more
Signup
Already a member?
Login
By continuing, you agree to Sociomix's Terms of Service, Privacy Policy
It's Time To express Yourself
write on topics that matter to you
Write A Diary
OR
create style sets and lookbooks
Create A Style
By continuing, you agree to Sociomix's Terms of Service, Privacy Policy
We take your privacy and security very seriously, and aim to be transparent in informing you how we use your data and provide our services to you. You can understand our policies below, and we welcome feedback at contact@sociomix.com
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective immediately for users registering accounts. This Privacy Policy describes our policies on the collection, use, and disclosure of information about you in connection with your use of our services, including those offered through our mobile application (collectively, the "Service"). The terms "we", "us", "our", "company" and "Sociomix" refer to OPR Technologies Pvt Ltd. When you use the Service, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
1. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION AND USE
Sociomix may collect and store information about you when you use the Service. Use of information is for the purpose of providing you Sociomix Service’s functionality, improve the Service’s quality, personalize your experience, track usage of the Service, provide customer support, message you, back up our systems and allow for disaster recovery, enhance the security of the Service, and comply with legal obligations.
The information we collect includes:
We store and use your name, e-mail address and other information you may provide with your user account. Your first name as well as other information provided through registration process on the Sociomix mobile application/website. If you believe that someone has created or wrongfully using account associated to you, please write it to
contact@sociomix.com
You can invite your friends to join the Service by providing us with their contact information, or by allowing Sociomix to access your contacts from your mobile device, or third party sites to select which friends you want to invite.
When you sign up for an account or use certain features, you are opting to receive messages from Sociomix. You can opt out from receiving such communication by informing us.
Sociomix collects personally identifiable information (email address, name, phone number, credit card / debit card / other payment instrument details, etc.) from you when you set up a free account with us. While you can browse some sections of
Sociomix without being a registered member, certain activities do require registration. We do use your contact information to send you offers based on your order trends and your interests.
If you choose to post messages on our message boards, blogs or other message areas or leave feedback, we will collect that information you provide to us. We retain this information as necessary to resolve disputes, provide customer support and troubleshoot problems as permitted by law.
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Website, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
We may also track your actions in response to the messages you receive from Sociomix or through the Service, such as whether you deleted, opened, or forwarded such messages. We may also store information that you provide through communications to us, including from phone calls, emails and other electronic messages, or in person.
We also may store information that your mobile device provides to us in connection with your use of the Service, such as your browser type, type of mobile device, browser language, IP address, mobile carrier, phone number, unique device identifier, advertising identifier, location (including geolocation, beacon based location, and GPS location), and requested and referring URLs.
We may share information from or about you with our parent companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control, in which case we will require them to honour this Privacy Policy.
We may investigate and disclose information from or about you if we have a good faith belief that such investigation or disclosure (a) is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process and law enforcement instructions and orders, such as a search warrant, statute, judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on us; (b) is helpful to prevent, investigate, or identify possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service.
2. COOKIES
We, and third parties with whom we partner, may use cookies, web beacons, tags, scripts, advertising identifiers including mobile identifiers and similar technology ("Cookies") in connection with your use of the Service, third party websites, and mobile applications. Cookies may have unique identifiers, and reside, among other places, on your computer or mobile device, in emails we send to you, and on our web pages. Cookies may transmit information about you and your use of the Service, such as your browser type, search preferences, IP address, data relating to advertisements that have been displayed to you or that you have clicked on, and the date and time of your use. Cookies may be persistent or stored only during an individual session.
3. SECURITY
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or via mobile device, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
4. MODIFICATIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern our collection, use, and disclosure of information about you and will be located here. By continuing to access or use the Service after those changes become effective, you agree to the revised Privacy Policy.
5. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
If you believe that Sociomix has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, you may contact us online by e-mailing contact@sociomix.com.
What rights do you have in relation to your personal information?
European law gives individuals a number of rights in relation to their
personal information. Upon request we will provide you with
information about whether we hold any of your personal information.
These include the right to access, and in some circumstances to amend,
delete, or restrict the continued processing of, personal information.
Please note that deleting your information or restricting the
continued processing of your information may limit our ability to
continue to provide our websites, applications, and online services to
you.
You also have a choice about:
Whether to receive email marketing messages from us. You may opt out
of our email marketing lists by following the opt-out directions at
the bottom of our promotional emails. To remove a specific email
address from all Sociomix email marketing, send a request to
contact@sociomix.com
Whether to share information about yourself and your use of our sites
with third parties including social media sites.
If you login on Sociomix, your comments as well as certain information
about you may be visible to other members of the Sociomix community.
If you use credentials from a third party, like Facebook, to register,
then that third party will also record the fact that you have
registered for our sites and may use that information consistent with
its own privacy statements and practices.
We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our
website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party
partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information
about your activities on this website and other sites in order to
provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and
interests.
You may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal
information by [logging in to your account, contacting us at
contact@sociomix.com or If you have any questions about your rights.
We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. You can
also contact your local Data Protection Authority.
Copyright Infringement:
If you believe that any content of this website violates your copyright, please send us an email on contact@sociomix.com
But first, Cookies!
We use cookies to improve your experience and deliver personalized content
By using Sociomix, you agree to our Terms & Privacy Policy
Accept
Company
About
Careers
Contact Us
Security
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Follow Us
Instagram
Facebook
Pinterest
Get In Touch
Advertise With Us
Customer Support
If you believe that any content of this Website violates your copyright, please see our Privacy Policy for instructions on sending us a notice of copyright infringement. By continuing past this page, you agree to our Terms of Service, Cookie Policy, Privacy Policy and Content Policies. All trademarks are properties of their respective owners.
Copyright © 2021 - OPR Technologies Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved.