Storyblocks-Privacy-Policy.pdf
Thumbnails
Document Outline
Attachments
Layers
Current Outline Item
If you choose to login to the Services via a third-party platform or social media network, or otherwise connect your account on the third-party platform or network to your account through the Services, we may collect information from that platform or ...For research and development.
We analyze use of the Services to analyze and improve the Services and to develop new products and services, including by studying user demographics and use of the Services.To send you marketing and promotional communications.
We may send you Footage Firm-related marketing communications as permitted by law. You will have the ability to opt-out of our marketing and promotional communications as described in the “Opt Out...To comply with law. We use your personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety.
We may use your personal information and disclose it to law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties as we believe necessary or appropriate to: (a) protect our, your or others’ rights, pri...With your consent.
In some cases we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use or share your personal information, such as when required by law.To create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data.
We may create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data from your personal information and other individuals whose personal information we collect.
We make personal information into anonymous,...Change of PurposePersonal Information We Do Not CollectAccess or Update Your InformationIf you have registered for an account with us, you may review and update certain personal information in your account profile by logging into the account.Opt out of Marketing CommunicationsYou may opt out of marketing-related emails by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email, or by contacting us at privacy@storyblocks.com.
You may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails.Cookies & Browser Web StorageWe may allow service providers and other third parties to use cookies and similar technologies to track your browsing activity over time and across the Services and third party websites. For more details, see our Cookie Policy. You may also wish to re...Targeted online advertisingSome of the business partners that collect information about users’ activities on or through the Services may be members of organizations or programs that provide choices to individuals regarding the use of their browsing behavior or mobile applicatio...Please review our Online Tracking Opt-out Guide for more information and instructions about how you can exercise these options.Do Not TrackSome Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit.
We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals.
To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutd...Choosing not to share your personal informationWhere we are required by law to collect your personal information, or where we need your personal information in order to provide the Services to you, if you do not provide this information when requested (or you later ask to delete it), we may not be...Third-party platforms or social media networksIf you choose to connect to the Services via a third-party platform or social media network, you may have the ability to limit the information that we may obtain from the third-party at the time you login to the Services using the third-party’s authen...As a California resident, you have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law.● Right to information, access and deletion. You can request to exercise your information, access and deletion rights by:● visiting https://www.storyblocks.com/support● calling us toll free at (866) 788-9225● emailing support@storyblocks.com● Request a list of third-party marketers. Under California Civil Code section 1798.83, California residents are entitled to annually ask us, free of charge, for a notice identifying the categories of personal customer information which we share with ...12. COOKIE POLICYWhat are cookies?How do we use cookies?You can find information about how to control cookies as follows:Useful informationYou may also call us (866) 788-9225 toll free at or email us at support@storyblocks.com.
Previous
Next
Highlight all
Match case
Whole words
Presentation Mode
Open
Print
Download
Current View
Go to First Page
Go to Last Page
Rotate Clockwise
Rotate Anti-Clockwise
Text Selection Tool
Hand Tool
Vertical Scrolling
Horizontal Scrolling
Wrapped Scrolling
No Spreads
Odd Spreads
Even Spreads
Document Properties…
Toggle Sidebar
Find
Previous
Next
of 20
Presentation Mode
Open
Print
Download
Current View
Tools
Zoom Out
Zoom In
Automatic Zoom
Actual Size
Page Fit
Page Width
50%
75%
100%
125%
150%
200%
300%
400%
Enter the password to open this PDF file.
Cancel
OK
File name: -
File size: -
Title: -
Author: -
Subject: -
Keywords: -
Creation Date: -
Modification Date: -
Creator: -
PDF Producer: -
PDF Version: -
Page Count: -
Page Size: -
Fast Web View: -
Close