Tamilwin - தமிழ்வின் Sri Lankan Tamil News Website | Latest Breaking News Online | Daily Tamil News, Sri Lankan News | Indian and World News
International
United Kingdom
Canada
Switzerland
France
Germany
Sri Lanka
Australia
India
லங்காசிறி
மனிதன்
சினிமா
Lankasri FM
Back
Desktop
லங்காசிறி
இந்தியா
உலகம்
அனைத்தும்
கனடா
பிரித்தானியா
சுவிஸ்
ஜேர்மனி
பிரான்ஸ்
அவுஸ்ரேலியா
சினிமா
மனிதன்
விளையாட்டு
தொழிநுட்பம்
ஏனையவை
வாழ்க்கைமுறை
ஆன்மீகம்
வர்த்தகம்
ஜோதிடம்
Lankasri FM
மரண அறிவித்தல்கள்
Home
Business
Notice
Events
Links
Videos
Photos
News
More
+44 20 8133 8373
Open now
United Kingdom
24/7 Customer Service
மேலதிக தொடர்புகளுக்கு
எமது வலைத்தளங்கள்
விளம்பரம்
துயர் பகிர்வு
நிகழ்வுகள்
செய்திகள்
தமிழ்வின்
மனிதன்
லங்காசிறி FM
வீடியோ
புகைப்படங்கள்
சினிமா
திரை விமர்சனம்
ஜோதிடம்
வானொலிகள்
பிற தளங்கள்
மேலும்
லங்காசிறி
லங்காசிறி.கொம்
மரண அறிவித்தல்கள்
லங்காசிறி 24
லங்காசிறி வானொலி
இலங்கை
செய்திகள்
கட்டுரைகள்
சிறப்புச் செய்திகள்
ஆவணங்கள்
செய்திகள்
இலங்கை
இந்தியா
உலகம்
சினிமா
விளையாட்டு
தொழிநுட்பம்
வாழ்க்கைமுறை
கல்வி
வர்த்தகம்
ஆன்மீகம்
சிறப்புச் செய்திகள்
ஆவணங்கள்
உலகம்
பிரித்தானியா
சுவிற்சர்லாந்து
கனடா
பிரான்ஸ்
ஜேர்மனி
Download our App
Stay Connected
Copyrights © 2021 Tamilwin. All rights reserved.
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Introduction
This privacy notice is for visitors to our websites, apps and other digital platforms.
It sets out how we use personal data that we hold about you and gives information on how
to exercise your legal rights. In this notice ‘we’ and ‘our’ means London Tamil Media
and its subsidiaries which operates this platform.
What data do we process about our visitors?
If you register for an account on our website in order to comment on an article, enter a
competition or receive selected newsletters, or to use our services,you will need to
provide us with your full name, email address, year of birth and postcode.
If you are subscribing to one of our paid-for subscription products, in addition to your
name, email address and year of birth, you will also need to provide your billing
address and payment card information.
If you contact our Customer Services team, we will need your name and contact
information as well as full details of your query.
We collect data about our website’s visitors using technology such as cookies, device
IDs, IP addresses and location data. This can include information about your location,
the type of device you are using and your online browsing history. If you would like to
know more about our use of cookies and how to manage them, please read our Cookie
Notice.
Sometimes we obtain additional information about you from third parties. At present, we
receive information from the following reputable suppliers: Google ads, parsely, Alexa
Analytics, Google Analytics and Double Click Ads.
The data these companies might hold about you is collected from publicly available
records, such as the electoral roll, or from other sources where you have agreed for
your information to be shared with third parties.
We may check our database of registered users against the information they hold on their
systems to see if there are any matched individuals. If there is a match, we can collect
and store some of this additional information (which may include statements about your
lifestyle and interests) in our database and use it to further enhance our understanding
of the types of products and services you might be interested in.
We may also match your cookie data with this third party data, and use this to gain a
better insight into your interests or to build a profile about you.
We can also access information from social media activity such as when you ‘like’ the
website, share content or follow us on Twitter. When you sign in to the website using
social media you grant permission to the social network to share some of your details
with us. Depending on the network this will include basic account information such as
name, email address, date of birth and any other details you choose to share according
to your particular social media account settings.
What do we use this data for?
Verifying your identity (for example when you return to the website and have already
logged in)
Personalising the advertising you see on the website so that it is more relevant to
you.
Improving the design and style of the website
Informing you about products, services or promotional offers that you might find
interesting if you have chosen to receive these type of communications.
Sending you service messages about your subscription or account registration, for
example if you have clicked a password reset link.
Dealing with, and responding to you about, a comment you have submitted for or on
our message boards, blogs and other such user generated content facilities
Enabling you to share our content with others using social media or email
Communicating (and personalising such communication) with you through our
newsletters, but only those you have consented to receive.
Administering competitions and informing you if you have been successful in any
competitions or promotions
Compiling customer reviews
Conducting market research
Sending a product to your home address
Granting you access to a subscription
Dealing with any query or complaint you submit to our customer services team. Only
provide sensitive data (such as information about your health, race or religion) if
you are happy to consent to our using it to manage your enquiry
Sending you push notifications from our apps
We also log and use information about any service errors or interruptions that you have
experienced in order to help us create fixes and to make technical improvements to our
Website
What is our legal basis for processing personal data?
Consent.
We will only use your personal data for advertising and marketing, personalisation of
content and services, advertising analytical purposes and to track eCommerce purchases
if we have your specific consent to do so.
Legitimate interests.
For all other uses of data set out above, we have a legitimate interests in processing
it in order to monitor the performance of the website, respond to your queries and
improve our products and services.
How can you access and update your personal information?
If you are a registered user, you can update your personal information by signing in to
your account page or through your social network provider. In all other cases, please
contact
customer services.
You can ask for a copy of the personal information we may hold about you, or for your
data to be deleted via
customer services
.
How long do we keep your personal information for?
We will keep your information only for as long as it is relevant and useful for the
purpose for which it was originally collected.
Please note that if your account appears to have not been used for 12 months, we will
try and contact you to check whether it is still in use and/or we will delete tw.
If you do not read the newsletters that you have subscribed to, we will delete your name
from the relevant list after 6 months.
If you purchased a subscription, we will retain your data for at least 12 months after
your subscription ends in case there are any outstanding billing or other customer
service issues.
A record of a customer service query is retained for at least three years from the date
it was submitted to us.
We retain cookie data and corresponding third party data for 13 months from when it was
collected from your device.
We may need to retain your data for a longer period if there is a legal claim or if we
are required to so by any regulation.
Who will we share your personal information with?
We may disclose your personal information to our subsidiary companies: Lankasri Limited,
Smart Network and Sunmix Limited as we operate a single group known as London Tamil
Media.
Advertisers and advertising networks sometimes require data to select and serve relevant
advertisements to you and others. We may provide them with aggregate cookie information
about our users with certain attributes (for example, we may inform them that 500 men
aged under 30 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use
such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to
target (for example, women in the UK who are interested in travel).
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information to comply with applicable
laws and government or regulatory bodies' lawful requests for information.
Your personal details may be shared with third party organisations we have contracted to
provide services to us which include processing data. For example, to send you the
emails you have signed up for. We will only use companies who can provide adequate
safeguards to ensure your data is stored and handled securely.
We may also have to release information because of a legal requirement on us or pursuant
to a court order.
We may transfer, sell or assign any of the information described in this Privacy Notice
to third parties as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, change of control,
transfer of assets or reorganisation of our business.
Will your data be sent overseas?
As you will know, the internet does not recognise national boundaries. Services on the
web are accessible globally so collection and transmission of personal data is not
always confined to one country.
You should be aware that by using the website and those of our partners or any website
we link through to, your personal data may be processed in or transferred to other
countries, the USA for example, and you agree to your personal data being transferred or
processed in this way.
Your personal data will only be stored or transferred within the UK, EU or US under the
EU-US Privacy Shield, or using other safeguards that have been approved by the relevant
regulatory body.
Your rights:
Right of access –
you have the right to request a copy of the data that
we hold about you.
Right of rectification –
you have a right to correct data that we hold
about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten –
you can ask for the data we hold about you to
be erased from our records.
Right to restriction of processing –
you can ask for us to restrict the
way we process your data.
Right of portability –
you have the right to have the data we hold
about you transferred to another organisation.
Right to object –
you have the right to object to our processing your
data where we are relying on a legitimate interest in
order to process tw.
Right to withdraw your consent –
you have the right to withdraw your
consent at any time.
Please note that these rights are not absolute and certain exemptions apply.
Exercising your rights, asking questions and raising concerns:
In the first instance, please submit your request using our online form available here:
Customer Services
You may also lodge a complaint directly with the supervisory authority or our Data
Protection Officer using the contact information in the table below.
Supervisory authority contact details:
Contact Name:
Information Commissioner's Office
Address :
Wycliffe House,
Water Lane,
Wilmslow
Cheshire,
SK9 5AF,
United Kingdom
Contact info:
0303 123 1113
https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Unit 1,
10 Stonefield Way,
Ruislip, London,
HA4 0JS,
United Kingdom
Contact info:
dpo@lankasri.com
Help Desk
+44 208 133 8373
24/7 Customer Service
Home
About
Contact Us
User Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Copyrights © 2021
Tamilwin
. All rights reserved.
Privacy Preference CenterPrivacy policyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance CookiesTargeting CookiesPrivacy policyWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More InformationStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies InactiveThese cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies InactiveThese cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Back Button BackVendor Search
Filter ButtonConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConfirm My ChoicesReject All Allow AllBy clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, assist in our marketing efforts and data collection for ads personalisation info. Read MoreAccept All Cookies Cookies Settings