Privacy Policy
Home
About
Rankings
Athletes
Coaches
Clubs
Highlights
Results
Awards
Help
Login/Register
Privacy
The following information contains Power of 10’s committed policy on the personal
information we collect about you. This privacy policy may change at certain intervals,
so please make sure you keep informed of our terms by accessing this page regularly.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
We provide a comprehensive results and rankings service for the sport of athletics.
We provide an extended statistical service for members of this website. When you
subscribe to the Power of 10 website we mainly record the following data: name,
gender, address, email address, date of birth, your involvement in athletics and
your athletics areas of interest. This information is then used to notify you of
any major changes to the Power of 10 website and associated projects. If you chose
to hear more information and offers relating to Power of 10/UKA, we will use this
to inform you of UKA and athletics related events. We will not share your data with
any third parties unless you choose to opt-in via the second question asked when
signing up to the website. If you chose to hear more information and offers relating
to UKA’s partners and sponsors, we will use this to inform you of special offers
and information from those partners and sponsors. If you wish to unsubscribe, please
do so via the Power of 10 website or email
admin@thepowerof10.info.
INFORMATION USAGE AND DISCLOSURE
Power of 10 does not collect personal information when you access the web site homepage
and browse the web site contents, except in the following circumstances:
when you register for extended statistical service
when you complete an online form and send it back to us
Personal data collected by Po10/UKA will be used and recorded in accordance with
the Data Protection Act (1998) and this privacy policy. We will not disclose any
other personal details to third parties, such as our sponsors unless you have specified
in the sign-up form, or written to us and given your prior permission.
DATES OF BIRTH
www.thepowerof10.info is a site primarily produced to provide performance targets
and rankings for the sport of athletics, and a part of this process in identifying
athletes performances successfully and accurately is the inclusion of athletes’
dates of birth. We will not however publish DOB information for any athlete aged
12 or under, in line with The Information Commissioner's Office ("ICO") guidance
on the Data Protection Act 1998. If you do not wish to have your DOB displayed on
the website please contact us on admin@thepowerof10.info
and we will arrange immediate removal of this information.
COOKIES
Cookies are files containing information about visitors to a web site (e.g. user
name and preferences). This information is provided by the user during the first
visit to a web site server. The server records this information in a text file and
stores this file on the visitor's hard drive. When the visitor accesses the same
web site again the server looks for the cookie and configures itself based on the
information provided. www.thepowerof10.info uses cookies to enable users to remain
logged in using the ‘remember me’ function.
SECURITY
If you send emails to Power of 10, you should note that the security of Internet
email is uncertain. If you send sensitive or confidential email messages, which
are not encrypted you accept the risk of possible lack of confidentiality over the
Internet.
CHILDREN
If you are aged 18 or under, we request that you get your parent/guardian's permission
whenever you provide personal details to www.thepowerof10.info.
CONTACT US & ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION
You have the right to request a copy of the personal details that Power of 10 holds
about you and to have any alterations or inaccuracies amended. Please email:
admin@thepowerof10.info. In addition please use this address if you have
any questions or suggestions.
UK Athletics |
England Athletics |
Scottish Athletics |
Athletics Northern Ireland |
Welsh Athletics |
Privacy Policy