Privacy Policy
Skip to main content
Welcome!
You're on our US site shopping in USD. Switch to our UO site that features more products available to you.
Yes, Switch Sites Stay on Current Site
Free Shipping & Returns* Details
UO Rewards
Gift Cards
Sign In
Sign In
Women's
Men's
Home
Lifestyle
Beauty
Sale
Help
Help
Returns + Exchanges
Shipping
International Shipping
Orders + Payments
Cancellation Policy
Store Pickup
Collection Points
Frequently Asked Questions
Gift Cards
Size Charts
UO Rewards
UO MRKT
UO UP Membership FAQs
Connect
Contact Us
Store Locations
UO Affiliates
Legal
Current Promotions
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookies
Arbitration Agreement
California Consumer Privacy Act
UO UP Membership Terms & Conditions
Unsubscribe
Privacy Policy
Guarding the privacy and safety of your data is very important to us. This Policy outlines what we collect about you, and how we use, share, and manage this data. It also outlines the choices you have about this data. Please read it carefully.
What We Collect and Why
We collect your data in several ways including when you choose to share it with us, when you shop with us or engage with our digital properties, and from our affiliates and partners. We intend to comply with applicable laws no matter how we obtain your data.
The table below describes what we collect, how we collect it and why.
Data Category
Purpose
Sources
Identifiers – e.g. name, email address, physical address, phone number, on line identifiers (such as username or social handle), etc.
We may use this data in order to identify you, deliver goods and services to you, market to you, personalize our goods and services to you, associate other data with you, analyze other data we collect, identify other potential customers (e.g. “look alike” customers), develop new goods and services, and for security and fraud prevention.
We obtain this data directly from you when you order goods or services and when you sign up for our services or marketing. We may also obtain your identifiers from affiliates (e.g. when you interact with their sites) and partners (e.g. to verify parts or all of your address).
Personal characteristics – e.g. clothing size, self-identified gender, age, etc.
We may use this data to personalize our goods and services to you, market to you, analyze other data we collect, identify other potential customers (e.g. determine how many customers are a certain size), and develop new goods and services.
We obtain this data directly from you when you order products and services (e.g. the size you select) and when you provide us that information (e.g. when you create an account).
Commercial information – e.g. payment information, purchasing history, product or service interests, product reviews, estimated income, etc.
We use this data to personalize our goods and services to you, market to you, analyze other data we collect, identify other potential customers (e.g. determine how many customers share product interests), and develop new goods and services.
We obtain this data from you when you order or browse products and services (e.g. purchase history) and when you provide us that information (e.g. product reviews). We may also obtain commercial information from affiliates (e.g. purchase history on their sites) and partners (e.g. estimated income).
Internet and network activity – e.g. IP address and location data, device ID, browse history, etc.
We may use this data in order to identify you, deliver goods and services to you, market to you, personalize our goods and services to you, associate other data with you, analyze other data we collect, identify other potential customers (e.g. “look alike” customers), develop new goods and services, and for security and fraud prevention.
We obtain this data directly when you interact with our websites, apps, and digital properties (such as in store WiFi). We may also obtain this information indirectly from cookies, tags and other digital tools, from affiliates (e.g. when you interact with their sites) and from partners.
Images, audio, video, social media posts, etc.
We may use this data in marketing when you allow us to do so (e.g. post a review), to measure your engagement with our brands (e.g. social posts), to deliver you services, develop new goods and services, and for security and fraud prevention.
We obtain this data directly from you when you post to our websites, apps, or social channels, or tag us on social. We may also obtain this information when you participate in our recorded events (e.g. concerts) or enter our stores (e.g. security video).
Education, professional, or employment related information
We may use this data to market to you, personalize our goods and services to you, associate other data with you, analyze other data we collect, identify other potential customers, and develop new goods and services.
We obtain this data when you provide it to us. We may also obtain this information from affiliates and partners (e.g. when working with a partner to market to a college’s students or alumnae).
Communications with you, e.g. email, chat logs, etc.
We may use this data to provide you goods and services, develop new goods or services, market to you, and for security and fraud prevention.
We obtain this data when you communicate with us.
Inferences drawn from other information
We may use inferences drawn from other data to identify you, deliver goods and services to you, market to you, personalize our goods and services to you, associate other data with you, analyze other data we collect, identify other potential customers, develop new goods and services, and for security and fraud prevention.
We may make inferences drawn from other information based on our own observation, analysis or algorithms. We may also obtain inferences from our affiliates or from partners (e.g. credit score).
How we Share Your Data
We do not transfer your information to third parties in exchange for money and we will not do so. However, we do transfer personal information to certain third parties in order to operate our business (for example, to market our products and services). Some state laws may define this as a “sale” of data even though we do not exchange data for money. For more info, see California Information. We want to be careful with and respectful of your information. Therefore, we intend to comply with all applicable laws regarding the collection, use and transfer of your data.
We may share your data with our affiliates, service providers, certain third parties, and as necessary for legal requirements.
Affiliates. Affiliates are companies that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with us. The URBN family of companies includes Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie, Free People, BHLDN, Terrain, summary and Nuuly among others. We may share your data with our affiliates.
Service providers. Service providers are partners who have agreed to use your data only for the purpose of providing the services in our contract and who have agreed not to “sell” your data. We may share your data with our service providers as described below.
Third parties. Third parties are unaffiliated companies that have not agreed to limit their use of your data only to provide the services in our contract and/or have not agreed not to “sell” your data. For example, they may need to use the data to provide you services directly that go beyond our contract with them (e.g. your credit card company). We share your data with “third parties” only as allowed by applicable law.
“Personal” vs. Anonymized Information. We collect and maintain both “personal” and anonymized data. “Personal” data is information that identifies you or could reasonably be associated with or linked to you. Anonymized information is data that is is not linked and could not reasonably be linked to you.
The table below describes how we share your information:
Data Category
Shared With Service Providers
Shared With Third Parties
Identifiers – e.g. name, email address, physical address, phone number, on line identifiers (such as username or social handle), etc.
We may share this data with service providers, such as logistics and fulfillment, electronic infrastructure, marketing and advertising, data analytics, and security providers.
We may share this data with third parties, including advertisers, marketing partners, and payment processors, networks and firms.
Personal characteristics – e.g. clothing size, self-identified gender, age, etc.
We may share this data with service providers, such as marketing and advertising, and data analytics providers.
We may share this data with third parties, including advertisers and marketing partners.
Commercial information – e.g. payment information, purchasing history, product or service interests, product reviews, estimated income, etc.
We may share this data with service providers, such as electronic infrastructure, marketing and advertising, data analytics, and security providers.
We may share this data with third parties, including advertisers, marketing partners, and payment processors, networks and firms.
Internet and network activity – e.g. IP address and location data, device ID, browse history, etc.
We may share this data with service providers, such as electronic infrastructure, marketing and advertising, data analytics, and security providers.
We may share this data with third parties, including advertisers, marketing partners, and payment processors, networks and firms.
Images, audio, video, social media posts, etc.
We may share this data with service providers such as electronic infrastructure, marketing and advertising, data analytics, and security providers. We may share this data publicly where you give us permission (e.g. reviews).
We may share this data with third parties, including advertisers and marketing partners.
Education, professional, or employment related information
We may share this data with services providers such as electronic infrastructure, marketing and advertising, data analytics, and security providers.
We may share this data with third parties, including advertisers, marketing partners.
Communications with you, e.g. email, chat logs, etc.
We may share this data with service providers such as logistics and fulfillment, electronic infrastructure, data analytics, and security providers.
Inferences drawn from other information
We may share this data with service providers such as electronic infrastructure, data analytics, and security providers.
We may share this data with third parties, including advertisers, marketing partners.
How We Protect Your Data
The privacy and security of your data is important to us. We use digital and physical security and process controls to protect your data. We encrypt and anonymize data where we can and it makes sense. Even inside our company, we limit access to your data as much as we can and where it makes sense.
We need your help to keep your data safe! When you make an account, we ask you to pick a password. If you give a friend your password, it is much harder for us to keep your data safe. You also should not use the same password across multiple websites or apps. That makes your data much less safe, and it’s very hard for us to protect you from someone else’s breach.
Bad guys are tricky! They may pretend to be us to trick you into giving them your data. Don’t get tricked, we will never ask you for your password, whether in email, on line chat, phone call, or in person.
ADS ON OTHER SITES
We want to speak with you where it’s best for you. We may share your contact info with other companies so we can reach you on their sites or social channels. If you choose to give others your data directly (like Google or Facebook) their rules apply to that data, not ours. We sometimes buy ads on other sites. Even if we don’t share (or have) your data, you might see those ads. We can’t always control how they choose to place our ads.
MINORS
Under age 13. We do not want to and do not knowingly collect any data from people under age 13. If we learn that we collected any such data, we will take all reasonable measures to delete that information and to not use it for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law).
If you become aware of any personal information we have collected from children under 13, please contact us at the addresses listed below.
Under age 18. People under 18 years of age may have data that they provide to us through our website deleted by sending an email to DataPrivacyOfficer@urbn.com
requesting deletion.
Please note that, while we make reasonable efforts to comply with such requests, deletion of your data does not ensure complete and comprehensive removal of that data from all systems.
DO NOT TRACK
Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in some web browsers, allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services. At the present time, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals and therefore, we do not recognize DNT.
POLICY CHANGES
We may update this Policy from time to time. We’ll post the new policy here. This Policy was last updated on December 19, 2019.
CONTACT US
Our Data Protection Officer (DPO) is working hard to protect your data. Our DPO can help you with questions about this Policy or your data. If you want to contact our DPO, you can do so by email at DataPrivacyOfficer@urbn.com. You can also mail us at: Data Protection Officer, Urban Outfitters, Inc., 5000 S. Broad St., Philadelphia, PA 19112.
If you don’t want us to send you marketing messages anymore, you can contact our DPO or just unsubscribe from the link in one of our messages. You can also contact our DPO to request a copy of this Policy in a different format.
Urban Outfitters Footer
Get Our Emails
Sign up to receive Urban Outfitters emails and get first dibs on new arrivals, sales, exclusive content, events and more!
Email Address
Enter Your Email Above
Submit
By entering your email address, you agree to receive Urban Outfitters offers, promotions, other commercial messages. You can view our Privacy Policy here and you may unsubscribe at any time.
Help
Order StatusStart a Return or ExchangeReturns + ExchangesShippingOrders + PaymentsFAQProduct RecallsContact UsSee All Help Topics
Quick Links
BrandsGift CardsCareersShop EuropeShop Canada
Extras
AfterpayUO MRKTUO CommunityUO Community CaresCreative ServicesDiversity & InclusionUO SpacesStore Locator
Get Email
InstagramFacebookPinterestTwittersocial-tiktokYoutubeSpotify
Privacy PolicyTerms of UseCA TransparencyAccessibilityURBN.comFor CA Residents
© 2021 Urban Outfitters All Rights Reserved
Back To Top
UO Chat
Have a quick question or want specific info about your order?
Close
Chat With Us
Close
Privacy Preference CentreWhen you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More informationAllow AllManage Consent PreferencesStrictly Necessary CookiesAlways ActiveThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.
Performance Cookies
Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.Functional Cookies
Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Targeting Cookies
Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Back Button Performance CookiesVendor Search
Search IconFilter IconClear checkbox label labelApply CancelConsent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My ChoicesBy clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyse site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All CookiesCookie Settings