VictoriaPlum.com | The bathroom specialists | VictoriaPlum.com™
Flash Sales ends in
Flash Sales ends in
0d 0h 0m 0s
Trade
account
Design and Installation
Browse our products
Search for products, brands and inspiration
Help services
Shopping
Help and FAQs
Bathroom ideas
Bathroom advice
Design and Installation
Shopping list
Orders
Track order
Cancel order
Return or replace items
Account
Offers
Favourites
0
Basket
Bathroom furniture
Bathroom suites
Showers
Enclosures
Baths
Toilets
Basins
Taps
Heating
Kitchens
Tiles, Walls & Floors
Accessories
Shop by type
All bathroom furniture
Bathroom furniture ranges
Vanity units
Fitted furniture and worktops
Back to wall toilet units
Mirrors and mirrored cabinets
Cloakroom furniture
Furniture sets
Bathroom furniture packages
Shop by style
Contemporary furniture
Traditional furniture
Shop by colour
White furniture
Grey furniture
Also in furniture
Bathroom cabinets
Wooden bath panels
Inspiration & advice
Fitted bathroom buying guide
How to install fitted bathroom furniture
Vanity unit buying guide
Your bathroom layout - finding room for everything
How much does it cost to install bathroom furniture?
Bathroom furniture ideas
Shop by type
All bathroom suites
Bathroom suite collections
Shower enclosure suites
Shower bath suites
Straight bath suites
All bath suites
Freestanding bath suites
Toilet & basin suites
Bathroom furniture suites
Commercial bathrooms
Trade
Shop by style
Contemporary suites
Traditional suites
Shop by brand
Orchard Bathrooms suites
Ideal Standard suites
Mode Bathrooms suites
Inspiration & advice
5 beautiful bathroom suite ideas
Bathroom suite buying guide
Bathroom suites for small bathrooms
Bathroom suites for loft conversions
Small cloakroom bathroom ideas
Quick fixes for wheelchair accessible bathrooms
How much does it cost to install a bathroom suite?
Bathroom suite ideas
Shop by type
All showers
Mixer showers
Electric showers
Power showers
Digital showers
Shower valves
Shower heads, arms and rails
Shower enclosures
Commercial showers
Trade
Shop by style
Contemporary showers
Traditional showers
Shop by brand
Mira showers
Aqualisa showers
Also in showers
Water-saving showers
WRAS approved showers
Inspiration & advice
5 shower ideas
Shower buying guide
Electric shower buying guide
5 most common causes of a poor shower experience
How to save water in your home
How much does it cost to install a shower?
Shower ideas
Shop by type
All shower enclosures
Walk-in shower enclosures
Rectangle shower enclosures
Square shower enclosures
Quadrant shower enclosures
Offset quadrant shower enclosures
Shower doors
Shower trays
Wet rooms
Shower cabins
Shower enclosure suites
Shop by door type
Sliding shower doors and enclosures
Hinged shower doors and enclosures
Shop by size
Large shower enclosures
Small shower enclosures
Also in shower enclosures
Coloured shower enclosures
Shower enclosures with trays
Shower bath screens
Shower wall panels
Inspiration & advice
Shower enclosure buying guide
Shower enclosures guide
Planning a wet room
How to fit a shower enclosure
Easy switch replace bath with shower
Stylish bathroom for a wheelchair user
How much does it cost to install a shower enclosure?
Shower enclosure ideas
Shop by type
All baths
Freestanding baths
Shower baths
Straight baths
Whirlpool baths
Bath panels
Bath shower screens
Bath accessories
Bath wastes
Shop by style
Modern baths
Traditional baths
Shop by size
Large baths
Small baths
Also in baths
Bath and tap bundles
Coloured baths
Inspiration & advice
Bath buying guide
Shower bath buying guide
Whirlpool baths buying guide
How to measure your bath
How to fit a bath
How much does it cost to install a bath?
Bath ideas
Shop by type
All toilets
Close coupled toilets
Back to wall toilets
Back to wall toilets and units
Wall hung toilets
High and low level toilets
Toilet and basin suites
Toilet seats
Commercial toilets
Trade
Shop by style
Contemporary toilets
Traditional toilets
Shop by brand
Ideal Standard toilets
RAK toilets
Mode Bathrooms toilets
Shop by shape
Round toilets
Square toilets
Inspiration & advice
Toilet buying guide
4 clever small toilet ideas
Toilet seat buying guides
How to fit a toilet seat
Adapting a bathroom for disabled or elderly guests
Eco bathrooms: How you can do your bit
How much does it cost to install a toilet?
Toilet ideas
Shop by type
All basins
Full pedestal basins
Semi pedestal basins
Wall hung basins
Countertop basins
Basin and toilet suites
Vanity units
Commercial basins
Trade
Shop by style
Contemporary basins
Traditional basins
Shop by brand
Ideal Standard basins
RAK basins
Mode Bathrooms basins
Shop by shape
Round basins
Square basins
Inspiration & advice
Basin buying guide
Cloakroom basin buying guide
Vanity unit buying guide
Which basin waste do I need?
How much does it cost to install a basin?
Basins ideas
Shop by type
All taps
Basin taps
Bath taps
Wall mounted taps
Bathroom tap sets
Cloakroom taps
High rise basin taps
Freestanding bath taps
Kitchen taps
Commercial taps
Trade
Shop by style
Contemporary taps
Traditional taps
Shop by brand
Ideal Standard taps
Bristan taps
Also in taps
Coloured taps
WRAS approved taps
Tap ranges
Inspiration & advice
Tap buying guide
How to fit bath taps
How to fit basin taps
Wall mounted taps buying guide
Eco-friendly, water-saving bathroom range
How much does it cost to install a tap?
Tap ideas
Shop by type
All heating
Heated towel rails
Radiators
Designer radiators
Designer towel rails
Radiator valves
Heating elements
Underfloor heating
Shop by style
Contemporary heating
Traditional heating
Shop by installation type
Vertical heating
Horizontal heating
Also in heating
Column radiators
Electric towel rails
Inspiration & advice
Bathroom heating advice
How to calculate BTU for your room
Bathroom radiators buying guide
Underfloor heating buying guide
How to save heat in your home
How much does it cost to install bathroom heating?
Heating ideas
Shop by type
All kitchen products
Kitchen taps
Kitchen sinks
Kitchen tiles
Kitchen heating and ventilation
Underfloor heating
Kitchen flooring
Kitchen lighting
Kitchen plumbing accessories
Instant boiling water taps
Kitchen cabinets
Kitchen worktops
Shop by style
Contemporary kitchen taps
Traditional kitchen taps
Shop by brand
Rangemaster
Bristan
Schön
Also in kitchens
Ceramic kitchen sinks
Coloured kitchen taps
Kitchen mixer taps
Inspiration & advice
Refresh your kitchen
How to tile
Introducing easy-fit, super-stylish flooring
Kitchen ideas
Shop by type
All tiles
Tile ranges
Wall tiles
Floor tiles
Flooring
Shower wall panels
Shop by style
Metro tiles
Traditional tiles
Stone effect tiles
Shop by size
Small tiles
Medium tiles
Large tiles
Shop by colour
White tiles
Grey tiles
Inspiration & advice
Bathroom tiling ideas
How to fit shower wall panels
Bold and creative: acrylic wall panels
5 things to consider when choosing your bathroom tiles
Bathroom tile advice
How much does it cost to tile a bathroom?
Tile ideas
Shop by type
All accessories
Accessory ranges
Accessory sets
Independent living
Shower curtains and rails
Bath mats and towels
Mirrors and mirrored cabinets
Bathroom storage and laundry
Shelves and caddies
Bathroom TVs and audio
Plumbing accessories
Commercial accessories
Trade
Shop by style
Contemporary accessories
Traditional accessories
Shop by brand
Grohe
Accents
Ideal Standard accessories
Also in accessories
Lighting
Extractor fans
Water softeners
Inspiration & advice
Bathroom accessories buying guide
Bathroom lighting buying guide
13 easy ways to accessorise your bathroom
Tips to brighten up your bathroom
Grab rails buying guide
Styling tips for Independent Living
Bathroom accessories ideas
FREE standard delivery
To UK mainland
Rated as "Excellent"
With over 100,000 reviews
Design and installation
2 year installation guarantee
FREE 148 page catalogue
Order yours now
Flash Sale - Extra 20% off The Bath Co.*
Privacy policy
Your privacy is our priority
Content of privacy policy
Click on any of the links below to jump to the relevant section:
Introduction
Legal basis we rely on
Which personal information do we collect?
What will we do with the information we gather?
Where we store your personal data?
How do we use cookies?
Who do we share your personal data with?
Where your personal data may be processed?
What are your rights over your personal data?
Changes to our policy
Right to lodge a complaint
How can you stop the use of personal data for marketing?
1. Introduction
Here at VictoriaPlum.com, we are 100% committed to respecting the privacy rights of visitors to our website www.victoriaplum.com.
This policy, together with our terms and conditions, are designed to give a clear explanation of how we aggregate, cache and process the personal data we collect from you when you visit our website, or at any other time you provide us with your personal data. By visiting our website you are accepting and consenting to the practices set out in this policy.
By definition, personal information includes any recorded information that identifies you personally which includes things such as your name, address or email address.
Unless clearly stated in this privacy policy, VictoriaPlum.com will not disclose, share, lease or sell your personal information to any third party unrelated to us without your prior permission, other than as required by law.
For the purposes of the UK's Data Protection Act 2018, the data controller is Victoria Plum Ltd, Unit 2, First Point Business Park, Water Vole Way, Doncaster DN4 5JP. Our investment partners, Endless LLP, act as a data controller of any VictoriaPlum.com data that is provided to them, and throughout this partnership personal data may be transferred in conjunction with the below privacy statement and the Endless Privacy statement here: https://www.endlessllp.com/portfolio-privacy-statement. Endless LLP is a company incorporated in England and Wales with Company Reg. No. OC316569.
2. What legal basis do we rely on regarding your data?
The law on data protection contains several different reasons for which a company may collect and process your personal data, including:
Contractual obligations
In some scenarios, we will need your personal data to comply with contractual obligations.
For example, if you place an order with us, your address details will be collected so we can deliver your purchase and may also be passed onto third party providers to complete your delivery.
Consent
In some instances, we collect personal data for processing with your consent.
For example, when you “opt in” by tick box to our marketing or promotional newsletters.
When we collect this information, we will make clear which data is necessary regarding the specific service.
Legal compliance
This may be required in the event of fraud or criminal activity affecting VictoriaPlum.com, or any other legal reason, we may need to transfer details of individuals involved to law enforcement.
Legitimate interest
In some situations, we will use your personal data to pursue legitimate interests as expected as part of running a business, and will not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.
3. Which personal information we collect
We’ll ask for your personal information when you fill in any forms on our website or when you correspond with us via email, phone or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you:
Make an online purchase
Register with VictoriaPlum.com
Sign up for promotions, offers, competitions, or to receive news
When you fill in the personal details section of "Your Basket" to make a purchase
If you report a problem with our website
Open a Trade Account
When you choose to complete any surveys, we send to you
When you comment on or review our services or products
When you enter into a prize draw with us
When you ask a VictoriaPlum.com team member to contact you about a service or product
When you give a third party permission to share the personal data they have on you
When you submit an enquiry for our design and installation service (as part of the design process an account is created using your personal details and design information)
This information may include your name, address, email address, phone number and financial and credit card information.
The web server also automatically collects certain information which relates to every visitor, including:
Technical information such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address, any login information, browser type and version, operating system and platform
Information about your visit such as products viewed and searched for, the average time on site, top visited pages and page response times
At times we may use anonymised video tracking of your web interaction with us, to provide us with insight to improve our services
4. What will we do with the information we gather?
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
To improve our products and services and notify you of any changes to our service
To process your order and carry out our obligations arising from the contract between you and us to provide you with the products and services you request from us
For registration and internal record keeping purposes if you open an account for registration and internal record keeping purposes if you open an account
To administer our website and for internal operations, such as troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and statistical and survey purposes.
To send promotional emails from VictoriaPlum.com (if you have opted into this service) about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or post. We may use the information to customise our website according to your interests.
At times we may use anonymised processing to identify which marketing channel was used when selecting our website.
For Trade customers, we may contact you by email, phone or post:
To validate your trade account
When you submit an enquiry regarding our design and installation service
To communicate your account features and benefits
To inform you of our decision to accept you as a Trade customer
To communicate any updates with your order such as delivery/stock and/or payment
To communicate any changes to your account status
To verify authorisation for a third party(s), allowing an authorised individual(s) access and privileges to your trade account
To contact you with relevant promotions and offers which provide benefits to you and your business
We’re committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we work closely with online security providers such as VeriSign, SagePay, GetSafeOnline, Barclaycard and V12 Retail Finance to provide a safe and secure online shopping environment. For more information please visit our online security page.
When using V12 for finance, this method of payment does require the usage of automated decision-making processes. This is necessary for the usage of this payment method and to form a contract with you.
We will use your personal information to respond to queries, refund requests and complaints, relating to damages, faulty items, spare parts or our returns policy. Handling the information you send enables us to respond. We may also keep a record of these to inform any future communication with us, and for us to demonstrate how we communicated with you throughout. We do this on the basis of our contractual obligations to you, our legal obligations and legitimate interests in providing you with the best service and understanding how we can improve our service based on your experience.
To protect our business and your account from fraud and other illegal activities, we’ll use your personal data to maintain, update and safeguard your account. We’ll also monitor your browsing activity with us to quickly identify and resolve any problems and protect the integrity of our websites. We’ll do all of this as part of legitimate interest.
Disclosure of your information
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006.
We may also share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with you.
Third party transport or courier services which may include manufacturers of branded products.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the maintenance, improvement and optimisation of our website. We ensure that any third-party service we utilise complies with strict data protection standards. A brief synopsis of what these tools do is found below:
Google & Google Analytics | Privacy Policy
Google Analytics helps our team measure sales and conversion as well as helping us to understand customer behaviour better. This includes measurement of things such as the split between new visitors as opposed to returning visitors and the length of time visitors spend on particular pages.
Credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If VictoriaPlum.com or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we’re under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of VictoriaPlum.com our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
5. Where we store your personal data
At times some of the data we collect from you may be transferred and stored in locations outside of the EAA, (European Economic Area). The processing activities may be completed by staff members outside of the EEA, who work for our selected third parties. By submitting your data, you agree to transfer the data, as well as the processing and storing of your data.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
6. How we use cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your PC, phone or other web-enabled device when you visit our website. They’re not harmful and don’t contain any confidential information such as your home address, date of birth or credit card details.
Cookies are an essential part of how our website works. Some of these cookies are required by our site to enable you to transact whilst other cookies enable us to give you an enhanced, personalised web experience. By using our website, you also consent to the use of these cookies.
We use the following cookies:
Site functionality cookies
These allow you to securely sign in to your VictoriaPlum.com account, so that you can use "My Account" features such as order information, making payments and receiving on-site offers. These cookies are also used to store the content of your online shopping basket whilst you browse the site and to complete an order.
Site analytics cookies
These cookies allow us to measure and analyse how our customers use the site. We use these to record the areas of the website that you visited, products you viewed and time spent browsing, as well as the products you purchased. This information helps us make the website more user-friendly, allows us to develop our site design and helps us improve the quality of the service(s) we provide. The information may be provided to Endless LLP and/or the third parties referenced in the "Disclosure of your information" section above.
Customer preference cookies
When browsing or shopping on VictoriaPlum.com, these cookies will remember your preferences (like your language or location) and will personalise our website content for you.
Targeting or advertising cookies
These allow selected third parties, who participate with us in marketing programmes, to place cookies when you visit our site. These cookies enable us to monitor which adverts you see and click on to get to our site. We currently use 2 companies for this purpose and you can see their privacy policies at the following addresses: Google AdWords: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/, Criteo: https://www.criteo.com/privacy/.
These cookies are as safe as the ones used whilst you browse our site and neither of these third parties collect any personal data from which they would be able to identify individual customers.
We’re not responsible for the content or privacy policies of third parties or other websites.
Are cookies safe?
VictoriaPlum.com uses cookies to ensure that we provide the best possible standard of service to our online customers. However, as part of our privacy policy, we require your consent to use them.
To withdraw your consent, or if you want to be notified each time a cookie is about to be used, you should amend the settings provided in your web browser to prevent us from storing cookies on the hard drive of your computer. For information on how to disable cookies, please consult the "Help" tab of your browser via the menu bar.
If you choose not to consent to the use of cookies, your experience of our site will be severely impaired and many integral aspects of the site, including (but not limited to) adding items to your shopping basket and accessing your account, will not work at all.
7. Who do we share your personal data with?
We will sometimes share your personal information with third parties.
Examples of this are, with third party couriers to complete your delivery, for fraud management purposes, payment and transactional purposes, personalised offers, and promotions etc.
Only information necessary for the specific processing activities will be shared with our third parties.
At the end of our relationship with the third party, any personal data processed or stored with be anonymised or deleted.
Outlined below are some examples of the kind of third parties we work with:
Marketing companies to help us manage electronic communications with you
Operational companies, such as delivery systems and delivery couriers/transport companies
Payment providers to complete transactions
You can request a list of the third parties we use by contacting: compliancemanager@victoriaplum.com
8. Where your personal data may be processed
Some of our third-party providers operate outside of the European Union and Economic Area (EEA), such as Russia or the USA.
The EEA includes all EU member countries as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. We may transfer personal data we collect from you to third party data processors in countries that are outside of the EEA. This might be required to fulfil your order, process your payment details or provide support services, analytics or any other processing within the business. Although the data is held in UK data centres, colleagues outside of the EEA may have access to fulfil activities given as examples in the above. We undertake due diligence with our business partners to ensure suitable contracts are in place which conform to the appropriate safeguards and accreditations.
9. What are your rights over your personal data?
You have the following rights:
Request access to your personal data
You have the right to request and obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you and certain information about how we process your personal data.
Right of portability
You have the right to receive a computer file in a common format (CSV or similar) containing the personal data that you have previously provided to us, and the right to have your information transferred to another entity where this is technically possible.
Request erasure of your personal data
You can request that we delete your personal data, where there is no justification for us to continue processing your data. However, we may not be able to comply with your request or erasure for specific legal reasons which you will be notified of within your request.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data
You may ask us, to suspend the processing of your personal data in some scenarios, for example if you want to establish the accuracy of the data, or an objection has been made to the use of your data. We will need to verify whether we have an overriding legitimate interest to use your data. Where information is restricted, we are allowed to retain any information about you to ensure that the restriction is respected in the future.
Object to processing of your personal data
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data unless we believe we have an overriding legitimate interest for processing your information. At any time, you can object to direct marketing by contacting us or selecting the opt-out option within the marketing email.
Request human intervention for automated decision making and profiling
You reserve the right to request human intervention where automated decision making is in place. This requirement for processing is in conjunction with the forming of a contract with you, and appropriate safeguards are in place.
We will endeavour to respond to all legitimate interest request within one calendar month. On occasion it may take us longer than this time period to deal with your request, should the request be complex, or multiple requests have been submitted from you. We may request specific information from you to support your requests, such as proof of identity. This is a security measure to ensure that all personal information is submitted to the correct individual.
Request correction of your personal data
You have the right to request a copy of any information about you that VictoriaPlum.com hold at any time and to have that information corrected if it is inaccurate. To ask for your information, please contact the Compliance Manager in one of the following ways.
By post:
Compliance Manager,
VictoriaPlum.com,
Unit 2, First Point Business Park,
Water Vole Way,
Doncaster,
DN4 5JP
By email: To ask for your information, please contact: compliancemanager@victoriaplum.com.
To request information to be changes, or updated, please contact our customer service team, or update your online account.
In the event that we choose not to action your request, we will explain why we have refused your request.
At any point you have the right to withdraw consent.
In the event you want to withdraw consent to use your personal data, you have the right to withdraw at any time.
How long we keep your data for
If we collect any of your personal information, the period of time we retain it is determined by various factors including the purpose for which the information was obtained and the information is used in conjunction with any other of our obligations under law. We will hold your data for a timescale of no longer than necessary for the purpose of processing, such as business analytical reasons, transactional reasons, order histories or marketing behaviour.
We may need to use your personal information to bring or defend legal claims. In this event, we will retain your information for 7 years after the date it is no longer required for any other business purposes. The scenarios below are the only exception to the above criteria.
You request under your rights to have the information erased and we do not require to keep this information with any of the reasons needed under the law.
Law governs us to hold your personal data for a longer period, or the law determines the information is deleted sooner.
We bring or defend to a legal claim or other proceedings, which requires your personal information during the period we retain this information. In this case we will retain your personal information until those proceedings have come to a close and no further appeals are possible or future law requires us to keep personal data for a shorter or longer period.
10. Changes to our policy
In the event that we change our privacy policy, or significantly change how we process your personal data, we may email you to notify you of these changes. Our privacy policy can be reviewed across our website, at points which your personal data is collected. You have the opportunity to accept the changes or request deletion of your data if you do not agree with our policy.
11. Right to lodge a complaint
If you have any concerns or complaints regarding the way in which we process your data, please email us directly at: compliancemanager@victoriaplum.com
We would appreciate in that in some situations you may want to and reserve the right to make a complaint to the ICO, however we politely request that we get the opportunity to deal with your concerns or complaints first before approaching the ICO, so please contact us in the first instance.
12. How can you stop the use of personal data for marketing?
In the scenario you do not want to receive marketing communications, you can stop this by clicking "unsubscribe" link in any communication email we send to you.
Write to:
Compliance Manager,
VictoriaPlum.com,
Unit 2, First Point Business Park,
Water Vole Way,
Doncaster,
DN4 5JP
It is likely you may still receive communications for a short time period while our systems update your preferences.
Compare items
Track order
Free catalogue
Design & Installation
Trade account
Looks like you haven't added anything to compare yet
CompareAdd to compare
Just look out for the Add to compare around the site and revisit this link
Close and continue
Thank you for using our comparison feature.
You can add as many products as you like, there is no limit. When you’re ready simply visit this page to start comparing your products.
Close and continue
Welcome.
Sign in
Loading menu. Please wait
Sign in to your account
to retrieve items you may have added from another
device
Shopping List
Basket
Your Shopping list is loading, this shouldn't take long.
Your basket is loading, this shouldn't take long.
Sorry for the interruption...
How does £20 OFF* your first order sound?
You'll also be the first to find out about our exclusive deals and promotions.
Get my £20 OFF code
We'll never share your email address and you can unsubscribe at any time.
No thanks
*Minimum spend of £349
Let's keep in touch
+ £20 off your first order.
Subscribe
£20 off discount code is only valid with a minimum spend of £349.
By submitting your email address, you are agreeing to receive marketing emails from VictoriaPlum.com.
We'll never share your email address and you can unsubscribe at any time.
Privacy policy.
Shopping
Delivery
Trade account
FREE catalogue
Product guarantees
Price match
Finance options
Finance terms and conditions
Design and Installation
Customer care
Track your order
Contact us
Return policy
Trade Returns
Customer reviews
FAQs
About us
About VictoriaPlum.com
Sustainability
Latest news
Careers
Affiliate programme
Modern slavery statement
Showrooms
COVID-19 update
Customer ID:
DZCF-IU3A
VictoriaPlum.com,
Unit 2 First Point Business Park, Water Vole Way, Doncaster, DN4 5JP
Victoria Plum Limited (Company Number 04177694) is a company registered in England and Wales.
Terms & Conditions |
Privacy and Cookies |
Online Security |
Sitemap
© 2021 All rights reserved.