vision2learn - Privacy policy
Skip to content
Home
Our services
About us
Contact us
Login
Sign up
Privacy policy
This privacy notice is a public declaration of how vision2learn (Part of Capita plc) applies the Data Protection Principles & Rights afforded to individuals
by the GDPR, to the personal data that we process. This applies to the vision2learn sites: vision2learn.net and vision2learn.com.
Vision2learn is committed to complying to the 6 principles relating to the processing of personal data under the GDPR in all that we do. These principles are:
Lawfulness, fairness & transparency.
Purpose limitation.
Data minimisation.
Accuracy.
Storage limitation.
Integrity and confidentiality.
What information do we collect and who is collecting it?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
We will collect personal information which you submit via our website vision2learn.net and vision2learn.com e.g. when you register with us, complete
online forms or use any message boards or other interactive areas.
We may receive information about you from our education providers (such as further education colleges or training companies) for example if they enrol
you on a course or update your details.
We may collect information about you if you contact us e.g. by telephone, email or post.
We keep a record of traffic, data and site statistics about the use of our site, but we are not readily able to identify individuals from this
information. For further information please read our cookies policy.
Except as provided in this privacy statement, we will not provide your information to third parties.
International Data Transfers
Information that we collect may be stored, processed and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in or supply from to enable us to use
the information in accordance with this privacy statement. International transfers outside of the EU, e.g. Capita India and the US will be managed under
Privacy Shield agreed terms or via other adequate security assessments and data protection controls (including EU model clauses) to enable us to carry out
our service obligations to our clients, suppliers and business partners.
There is no systematic transfer of data outside of the EU for any other purpose than outlined above.
Security of your personal information and retention
Vision2Learn takes information security extremely seriously.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall- protected) servers. Where possible we will encrypt electronic
transactions you make to or receive from us.
You are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential. We will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to our systems).
Vision2Learn retains your personal information in line with Capita and Vision2Learn specific retention periods and if stipulated within client contracts
and does not seek to retain data for any longer than necessary to carry out our service and fulfil our statutory and contractual obligations. For further
details on retention periods on your personal data please use the contact details below.
Vision2Learn will never process your personal information without your explicit consent and engagement in the process.
Your Rights
Vision2Learn recognises the rights of data subjects under the GDPR which include;
The right to be informed
You have the right to be informed about the personal data we collect, how Vision2Learn process personal data, how long we retain the data and who we
share that data with.
The right of access
You have the right to access your personal data and supplementary information this allows you as the individual to be aware of and verify the lawfulness
of the processing. This can be requested through a "Subject Access Request" SAR in writing to: gdprhelp@knowledgepool.com
The right to rectification
You are entitled to have your personal data amended (rectified) if this is inaccurate or incomplete, and if this information has been shared with a
third party.
The right to erasure
This is also known as the 'right to be forgotten', you are able to request for your personal data to be deleted or removed where there is no compelling
reason for its continued processing.
The right to restrict processing
You have the right to 'block' or 'supress' the processing of your personal data. When processing is restricted, Vision2Learn is permitted to store the
personal data but we may not carry out any further processing and we can only retain enough information about the individual to ensure that the
restriction is respected in future.
The right to complain to the Supervisory Authority – Information Commissioner's Office
Rights related to automated decision making and profiling
You have the right not to be subjected to automated decision making and profiling, this can only be carried out be us when;
necessary for the entry into or performance of a contract; or
authorised by Union or Member state law applicable to the controller; or
based on your explicit consent.
The right to data portability
This allows you to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services. It allows you to move, copy or transfer
personal data easily from one IT environment to another in a safe and secure way, without hindrance to usability.
The right to object
You have the right to object to:
processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling)
direct marketing (including profiling) and
processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics.
For further information on your rights as an individual please refer to the
ICO website.
Third Party Websites
The website contains links to websites vision2learn.net and vision2learn.com and to other websites. This policy only applies to vision2learn.net and
vison2learn.com. Please note if you follow a link from our site to another site, this policy will no longer apply. We are not responsible for the
information handling practices of third party sites and we encourage you to read the privacy policies appearing on those sites.
How to contact us or complain
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or any information we have of you:
By phone: +44(0)800 0294500
Email: gdprhelp@Knowledgepool.com
Or write to us at 1st Floor, Reading Bridge, Reading, Berkshire, RG1 8LS, United Kingdom
If you are unhappy with our response, you have the right to complain to the Supervisory Authority, the details of which are below:
Supervisory Authority: Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
Website: https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
Email: casework@ico.org.uk
Data Controller
Vision2Learn in certain instances will be the data controller or joint data controller of your information, however in most occasions we will be a
data processor and our client (your employer or hiring company will be the data controller). In such circumstances, you should check with your
employer's or hiring company’s privacy notices on how your personal data is used and retained.
The data controller responsible in respect of the information collected on this website is Vision2Learn.
ICO Registration Number: Z8720317
Statement amendments
We may update this privacy statement from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you
are happy with any changes.
We may also notify you of changes to our privacy statement by email.
Cookies and web beacons
IMPORTANT – PLEASE READ!
Cookies are small text files which are planted by this website on your computer’s hard drive. They enable our site to
“remember” who you are.
Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
We use cookies:
To look at the use you make of certain features on the site like audio and video media files which are used in some of our courses
(Flash cookies)
To identify and track users that register and log into our site (Session cookies)
We may use web beacons in automated emails but not in conjunction with cookies. See
below for further details.
Please see the table below for details of the cookies we use on our website.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More information
www.vision2learn.com
Cookies set on landing page prior to login.
Google Analytics(Persistent cookie)
_utma_utmb_utmc_utmz
Persistent cookies are used by Google Analytics to track users’ movements through our site. No personal information about you is collected.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
Session identifier(Transient cookie)
ASP.NET_SessionId
Session cookies are used to identify users on the vision2learn web application. The session cookie will be deleted once you close your browser or click on the logout link in the web application.
Additional session cookies set after login. Some cookies are set conditionally.
Authentication cookie
V2LAuthCookie
Authentication cookie after valid login.Session cookies are used to identify and track users once they’ve logged into the vision2learn web application. The session cookie will be deleted once you close your browser or click on the logout link in the web application.
Session cookie
current_agreeTC
Stores your acceptance of our terms and conditions.
Session cookie
UserID
Provides essential page functionality.
Session cookie
OrgID
Provides essential page functionality.
Session cookie
OrgName
Provides essential page functionality.
Session cookie
UserTypeID
Provides essential page functionality.
Session cookie
UserFirstName
Provides essential page functionality.
Session cookie
UserSurname
Provides essential page functionality.
Session cookie
UserFullName
Provides essential page functionality.
Session cookie
UserEmailAddress
Provides essential page functionality.
Session cookie
UserRole
Provides essential page functionality.
Session cookie
CollegeContractAgreed
Provides essential page functionality.
Session cookie
DepartmentID
Provides essential page functionality.
Session cookie
CourseEnrolmentID
Provides essential page functionality.
Session cookie
CourseID
Provides essential page functionality.
Session cookie
GroupID
Provides essential page functionality.
Session cookie
TutorID
Provides essential page functionality.
Session cookie
course_name
Provides essential page functionality.
Session cookie
Student_groupname
Provides essential page functionality.
Flash cookies
Flash cookies are used in some of our courses where your learning experience can be enhanced by playing flash audio and video files.
Consent
We need to obtain your consent to use cookies, unless they’re strictly necessary for us to provide you with a service that
you explicitly request. For example, when you log in to work through a course, there is no way, other than by using cookies,
we can keep a record of what pages you have looked at and to allow you to go back and forwards through your answers.
There are a number of ways to give us your consent:
You can give us implied consent by reading this policy and proceeding to use the site; i.e. if you register with us or
if you continue to use our site, you will agree to our use of cookies.
You can use appropriate browser settings.
You can use third party tools to control Flash and Google Analytic cookies.
How to turn cookies on and off using browser settings
Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies but if you are using Microsoft’s Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox,
Apple’s Safari or Google Chrome, you should be able to configure your browser to restrict cookies or block all cookies if you
wish. If you disable cookies you should still be able to login and use any secure areas of our site. However, you may find you
need to re-enter your user details.
Adjusting cookie settings on a web browser is not very easy at the moment, but the Government has promised that browser manufacturers will be making
these settings more user-friendly so that they comply with new laws which came into force in May 2011. In the meantime, more information about cookies,
including some browser-specific instructions on how to restrict or block cookies, may be found on the IAB’s website at
www.youronlinechoices.com/uk. As at 1 July 2015,
the relevant page for adjusting your browser settings is at
www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/five-top-tips
How to turn cookies on and off using third party tools
We use Flash cookies with our media files. You can see and remove those by going to Adobe’s site at:
www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
We also use Google Analytics which uses analytic cookies in combination with certain code. You can stop being
tracked by Google Analytics across all websites by going to Google's site at:
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
We’ll tell you about new ways to indicate your consent to cookies as they become available.
Here’s some more information about the different types of cookies we use.
Flash cookies
If you watch a video file or listen to an audio file on our website you will be using Adobe Flash. This will store another type of cookie on your computer
called a Local Shared Object or Flash cookie. It allows us to count the total number of times each file is played, how many people watch videos right to the
end and how many people give up half way through. You can’t use your normal browser to remove Flash cookies but
Adobe’s website
explains how to do that.
Session cookies
We use session cookies, also called transient cookies, to identify and track users who enter any registered areas of our site. Session cookies are deleted
when you close your browser. The session cookie is stored in temporary memory and is not retained after the browser is closed. Session cookies do not collect
information from your computer. Typically, they will store information in the form of a session identification that does not personally identify you.
Web beacon
Also called a web bug or a pixel tag or a clear GIF. A web beacon is an often-transparent graphic image, usually no larger than 1 pixel × 1 pixel, which
is placed on a web site and/or in an HTML email that is used to monitor your behaviour when you visit our site or receive an HTML email from us.
We may use web beacons in automated emails with news from vision2learn to determine when they were opened (including by people to whom you forward the email) and
to record whether a message was acted on. This helps us assess the effectiveness of our service communications. We will not know if you open an email if you do
not download images when viewing one of our HTML emails, or if you choose to receive emails from us in plain text.
You cannot opt out of or refuse web beacons. However, where they are used in conjunction with cookies you can stop them by opting out of cookies – see the
IAB website at www.youronlinechoices.com/uk
Cost-effective, flexible e-learning solutions
Connect with us
Contact
© 2021 Capita Learning
Site map
Privacy policy and Cookies
Terms of use
Terms & conditions