Privacy policy | Wood Mackenzie
Skip to main content
Go to navigation
A Verisk Business
cart
$0.00
CurrencyAUD
EUR
GBP
SGD
USD
Contact us
Registration
Sign in
Toggle subsection visibility
Access our research platforms
Sign-in to our platforms to access our extensive research, our latest insight, data and analytics and to connect to our industry experts.
My WoodMac
Wood Mackenzie Lens®
Lens Direct
Power and Renewables
Short-term analytics (previously Genscape)
Account and preferences management
Expertise
Toggle subsection visibility
We cover a diverse range of industry sectors and focus areas across the entire natural resources value chain.
Find out more
Capabilities
Upstream oil & gas
Gas & LNG
Chemicals
Power & renewables
Corporate analysis
Metals & mining
Oil refining & marketing
Subsurface
Your business
Natural resources research for financial services
Unconventional Exploration & Production
International exploration & production
Africa Upstream Energy Solutions
Customer success stories
Research
Toggle subsection visibility
Subscribe to our trusted data and analysis for global energy, chemicals, metals and mining industries.
Find out more
Products by industry
Metals & mining research
Power & renewables
Gas & LNG research
Chemicals, polymers & fibres
Oils, refining & NGLs
Upstream oil & gas
Corporate analysis
Energy transition
Maritime research
Subscriptions
People
Training
Energy Pulse
The Edge
Market insights
Consulting
Toggle subsection visibility
We help our clients address their most pressing strategic and commercial challenges.
Find out more
Industries
Upstream oil & gas
Refining, marketing & chemicals
Metals & mining
Coal
Natural gas & LNG
Power & renewables
Chemicals, polymers & fibres
Oil Field Services & Original Equipment Manufacturers
Solutions
Commercial advisory
Strategy & organisation
Performance improvement
Industry fundamentals
Due diligence & valuation
Multi-client studies
People
Consulting Case Studies
Short-term analytics
Toggle subsection visibility
We deliver real-time and historical data, forecasts, analytical insight, tools and software solutions.
Find out more
Industries
Oil
Natural gas
NGLs
Power
Equities
Maritime
Events
Reports
Toggle subsection visibility
Buy our reports to address business challenges and make better commercial decisions with objective insights, analyses and data.
Find out more
Industry Sector
Upstream oil and gas
Macroeconomics, risk and global trends
Oil and gas markets
LNG
Downstream oil refining
Power and renewables
Coal
Metals markets
Chemicals
Why buy online
Outlook reports
Wallmaps
2021 Featured Reports
Lens
About us
cart
Search
Search
Close
Search label
Search
Search
Home
Wood Mackenzie Online Privacy Notice
Wood Mackenzie Online Privacy Notice
Last updated: January 2021
Wood Mackenzie (“Wood Mackenzie” or “we”) respects your concerns about privacy. This Online Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) applies to personal data we collect on www.woodmac.com or any Wood Mackenzie-branded website that links to this Notice and the personal data we collect during the account sign-up or account access process (the “Sites.”) The Notice describes the types of personal data we obtain, how we use the personal data, and with whom we share it. We also describe the rights you may have and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
Wood Mackenzie is the data controller in respect of personal data that we collect through the Sites, through the account sign-up or account access process  or that you provide to us.  Our contact details can be found at the How To Contact Us section at the end of this Notice.
Visitors to the Sites are subject to important limitations. Please review our Conditions of Use, which govern your visit to these Sites on the World Wide Web.
1.    How We Obtain Information About You
We may collect personal data that you choose to provide to us through the Sites, including, but not limited to, your first and last name, physical address, e-mail address, or telephone number, such as when you:
Fill out a form on the Sites;
Sign-up to receive direct marketing communications on the Sites;
Sign-up to a feature that we offer on the Sites and you provide your personal data in connection with that feature;
Attend an event that we have organised; or
Communicate with us (for example, on a social media platform or by sending us an email.
Sign-up for or access our products and services.
When you visit our Sites, we also may collect certain information by automated means using technologies such as cookies, non-cookie-based tokens, web server logs, tracking pixels, and web beacons. Cookies are files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to identify your browser uniquely or to store information or settings in your browser. Your browser may tell you when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies, you may not be able to use all of the features of our Sites and may not be able to purchase products that use a “shopping cart.” Non-cookie-based tokens are encoded URL-based identifiers that track e-mail click-thru activity or time-sensitive password reset keys and will work in scenarios where cookies are disabled or a session has not been initiated.
Where permitted by law, we may acquire personal data about you from third parties. This may include personal data shared between Verisk affiliates, publicly-available profile information (such as your preferences and interests) on third party social media sites (such as Facebook and Twitter), and marketing lists acquired from third party marketing agencies.
We may also collect personal data in other contexts that we will notify you of at the time.
2.    Information We Obtain
Information That You Provide to Us
Personal data that you provide directly to us will be apparent from the context in which you provide it, for example:
If you fill out a form on our Sites, you will generally provide your name, contact details and any other information requested by the form, such as the reason for your enquiry or your product preferences;
If you sign up to receive electronic marketing communications from us, you will generally provide your name, email address and other contact information, and your product preferences;
If you sign up to a feature on our Sites, you will generally provide your name and contact information and any other information necessary to access the feature;
If you fill out a form when signing up for or obtaining access to our products and services, you will generally provide your name, contact details and any other information requested by the form. Each form on our Sites varies in the information required and collected. In most cases, an asterisk (*) indicates the required information on a form. You may choose to provide additional information within fields that are not required.
Information That We Collect Automatically
Our web servers may log information such as your operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located. The web server logs may also record information such as the address of the web page that referred you to our Sites and the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. They may also log information about your interaction with the Sites, such as which pages you visit. To control which web servers collect information by automated means, we may place tags called “web beacons” — small files that link web pages to particular web servers and their cookies. We may also collect information from your browser, such as your browsing history, and use it in conjunction with data gathered from forms and e-mails to help us understand and respond to your needs.
“Do Not Track” Signals
Your browser settings may allow you to transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to websites and online services you visit. Like many other websites and online services, we do not currently process or respond to “Do Not Track” signals from your browser or to other mechanisms that enable choice. Both we and others (such as our service providers) may collect personal data about our visitors’ online activities over time and across third-party websites.
Social Media Widgets
The Sites includes social media functions, such as the Blog, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook widgets. These widgets may collect information about which pages you visit on the Sites and the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet. The widgets may also set a cookie to ensure the features are functioning properly.
Social media functions and widgets are hosted either by a third party or directly on the Sites. Your interactions with the social media functions and widgets located on the Sites are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them. If you use any of the social media functions or widgets on our Sites, we strongly suggest you review the privacy policies of the companies that provide those functions and features.
LinkedIn Members
If you are a LinkedIn member and you visit our Sites from LinkedIn, our Sites may use tracking pixels — transparent graphic images placed on web pages — which, in combination with cookies, collect information contained within your LinkedIn profile as well as your access of and interaction with the web pages that contain the pixels. Wood Mackenzie works with LinkedIn to provide Sponsored Updates and advertisements to your LinkedIn news feed. If you complete a form on our Sites you will receive Sponsored InMails in your LinkedIn email account based on your visits to the Sites and your perceived interests. To learn how to opt out of Sponsored InMail, navigate to Privacy & Settings in your LinkedIn account, choose the "Communications" tab, and then click "Turn on/off Partner InMail" to disable Sponsored InMails.
Information That We Obtain From Third Parties
Information that we collect from third parties will generally consist of publicly-available profile information (such as your preferences and interests), for example from public social media posts.
3.     How We Use Information That We Obtain
Information That You Provide to Us
We may use personal data that you provide to us to provide you access to our products and services, respond to your inquiry, for example, to contact you about your request, ask a question, provide announcements about products and future events, conduct surveys, consider your application for employment, and contact you for other reasons related to offering and improving our services.
In addition to the uses discussed above, we may also use the personal data you provide on our Sites to:
operate, evaluate, and improve our business;
develop new products and services;
perform market research;
advertise and market our products and services from time to time;
contact you to provide you with information in relation to those areas of interest that you identified in your "My Preferences" web page;
provide you with invitations to conferences or other events;
determine the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing;
analyse our products, services, and websites;
check and confirm your password;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you or your employer and us;
administer the Sites.
We use the personal data for the purposes described above because we have a legitimate interest in operating and improving our business that is not overridden by your interests, rights and freedoms to protect personal data about you.
We may also use the information to protect against and prevent fraud, claims, and other liabilities and to comply with or enforce applicable legal requirements, industry standards, and our policies and terms.   We use personal data for these purposes when it is necessary to protect, exercise or defend our legal rights, or when we are required to do so by law that applies to us.
Information That We Collect Automatically
We use personal data that we collect automatically through cookies, non-cookie-based tokens, web beacons, and other automated means for purposes such as customizing and enhancing our visitors’ visits to the Sites, facilitating use of the Sites, collecting statistics about your visits to the Sites, and understanding the manner in which our visitors browse the Sites. We also use the information to help diagnose technical and service problems, administer the Sites, and identify visitors to the Sites. We use clickstream data to determine how much time visitors spend on web pages of the Sites, how visitors navigate through the Sites, and how we may tailor the Sites to meet the needs of our visitors. We use the personal data for the purposes described above because we have a legitimate interest in operating and improving our Sites that is not overridden by your interests, rights and freedoms to protect personal data about you.
We also use third-party web analytic services on our Sites, such as Google Analytics. The service providers that administer those services may use cookies and web beacons to help us analyse how users use the Sites. The information collected by the cookies and web beacons (including your IP address) is available to the service providers, which use the information to evaluate your use of the Sites.
To learn how to opt out of Google Analytics, visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
To learn more about the cookies that Wood Mackenzie  uses on these Sites, as well as to control your cookie settings on this Sites, please read our Cookie Policy.
Other Uses of Information
In addition to the uses described above, we may use personal data that you provide to us or that we collect for other purposes.  Where that is the case, we will provide an additional privacy notice to you that describes the purposes for which we will use the personal data and our legal basis for doing so.
4.     Information We Share
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal data that you provide to us or that we collect on our Sites, except as described here. We may share personal data you provide to us or that we collect on the Sites with:
Other Wood Mackenzie entities
Other companies in the Verisk group; and
service providers that perform services on our behalf.
We may share personal data with our affiliates for a number of reasons, including because you have requested information about our affiliates’ products and services.
Details of the other companies in the Verisk group, including the countries in which they are located can be found here.
We may share personal data with service providers that perform services on our behalf such as payment service providers, analytics providers, hosting providers and advisers.  All service providers have entered into legally binding agreements requiring them to use or disclose personal data only as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with applicable legal requirements.
In addition, we may disclose personal data about you (a) if we are required or permitted to do so by law or legal process, for example due to a court order or a request from a law enforcement agency, (b) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, (c) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or other illegal activity, and (c) in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution, or liquidation).
5.     Data Transfers
We may transfer the personal data that we collect about you to recipients in countries other than the country in which the personal data originally was collected. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the personal data. When we transfer your personal data to recipients in other countries (such as the U.S.), we will protect that personal data as described in this Notice.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), we will comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal data to recipients in countries outside of the EEA and Switzerland.  In all such cases, we will only transfer your personal data if:
The country to which the personal data will be transferred has been granted a European Commission adequacy decision;
or
We have put in place appropriate safeguards in respect of the transfer, for example the EU Model Contracts.
You may request a copy of the safeguards that we have put in place in respect of transfers of personal data by contacting us as described in the How To Contact Us section below.
6.     How Long We Keep Information
The time period for which we keep personal data depends on the purpose for which we collected it.  In all cases we keep it for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it.  We will then delete the personal data, unless we are legally required to retain it or if we need to retain it in order to comply with our legal obligations (for example, for tax and accounting purposes).
Subject to any applicable legal requirements, we typically retain personal data as follows:
Personal data you provide to us through our Sites: we keep this personal data for as long as necessary in order to respond to your request, and for a short further period in case you send us further requests.
Personal data you provide to us through the account setup or access process: we keep this personal data for as long as necessary in order to manage access to your account, and for a short further period in case you send us further requests.
Personal data you provide when you sign-up to receive direct marketing communications: we keep most of this personal data for the duration of our relationship with you until you opt-out or we do not have any contact with you for a long period of time.
Personal data collected for analytics purposes: we keep this personal data for a short period of time necessary for us to carry out the analytics.
Website logs: we keep Site audit logs, which may contain your personal data, for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected.
7.     Your Rights and Choices
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland, you may have the following rights in relation to personal data that we hold about you:
To request confirmation of whether we process personal data relating to you, and if so, to request a copy of that personal data;
To request that we rectify or update your personal data that is inaccurate, incomplete or outdated.
To request that we erase your personal data in certain circumstances, such as where we collected personal data on the basis of your consent and you withdraw your consent;
To request that we restrict the use of your personal data in certain circumstances, such as while we consider another request that you have submitted, for example a request that we update your personal data;
Where you have given us consent to process your personal data, to withdraw your consent; and
To request that we provide a copy of your personal data to you in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format in certain circumstances.
You may contact us by e-mail or as described in the “How to Contact Us” section below to exercise your rights described above.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority in your country.  You can find the contact information of the data protection supervisory authority in your country here.
8.     Updates to Our Online Privacy Notice
We may update this Notice periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal data practices or relevant laws. We will post the updated version and indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated.
9.     How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Notice or any issue relating to how we collect, use, or disclose personal data, or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, you may contact us:
By e-mail at: privacy@verisk.com
In writing at: Verisk Analytics, Attention: Privacy Enquiries, 2nd Floor Linea House, Harvest Crescent, Fleet, Hampshire GU51 2UZ
Our EU Representative
If you are located in the European Union (“EU”) and have any questions or comments about this Notice, any issue relating to your personal data, or if you would like us to update your preferences, you may contact our EU representative.
Please include your name and refer to Wood Mackenzie as part of your request.
By email at:privacy@verisk.com
In writing at:
Verisk – Insurance SolutionsLevel 1, Unit 1A3 Custom House PlazaHarbour Master PlaceI.F.S.CDublin 1 Ireland
Our UK Representative
If you are located in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and have any questions or comments about this Notice, any issue relating to your personal data, or if you would like us to update your preferences, you may contact our UK representative.
Please include your name and refer to Wood Mackenzie as part of your request.
By email at:privacy@verisk.com
In writing at:Verisk LimitedAttention: Privacy Inquiries2nd Floor, Linea HouseHarvest CrescentFleetHampshireGU51 2UZ
Trusted natural resources intelligence.
Follow us
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
Youtube
Get our latest comment and breaking news
Media
Join our team of experts
Careers
Terms of use
Privacy
Contact us
Cookie policy
Wood Mackenzie is a Verisk business
VERISK ANALYTICS®
We use cookies on the public areas of our website. They let you easily navigate your way around the site and allow us to improve its performance, or even recommend content we believe will be of most interest to you. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. If you would like to learn more about how we use cookies and how you can manage them, see our Cookie policy.
Do not show this message again