Giftcardwarehouse
Bulk Buy Gift Cards
Sell Gift Cards
Account
Bulk Buy Gift Cards
Sell Gift Cards
Account
How to Buy
FAQ
Testimonials
About us
Support
Privacy Policy
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
This website is owned and operated by Backoffice Consulting Limited (Registration Number: IE596556), with office address at 20 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.
At www.yourgiftcardwarehouse.com we are committed to protecting your privacy and creating a safe online shopping experience for all of our clients. This privacy notice applies to this website and governs how we collect and store client data.
This policy has been drafted to ensure compliance with your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation and the rights that are detailed in the UK Data Protection Act 2018. By using the website www.yourgiftcardwarehouse.com you consent to your data being used in accordance with the practices which are outlined in this privacy notice.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect the following data from clients when they use our website www.yourgiftcardwarehouse.com and engage in our products and services:
Transactional
Details of activity with us.
Contractual
Details about the products and services that we provide you with.
Locational
Data about where you are, such as from your mobile device, the address where you connect a computer to the internet.
Behavioural
Details about how you use our products and services.
Technical
Details on the device and technology you use to access our services.
Communications
What information we learn about you from letters, emails and other conversations we may have with you.
Usage Data
Data about how you use our products and services.
Consents
Any permissions, consents or preferences which you provide us with. This includes things like how you want us to contact you and what optional communications you would like to receive from us.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
In addition to our privacy commitment that we have with all of our clients, your privacy is also protected by the law.
According to Data Protection Laws, we are allowed to use personal information but only if we have a legitimate reason to do so. This includes sharing personal information with third parties. The law states that we may do this for the following reasons:
In order to fulfil a business contract that we have with you.
When it is our legal duty to do so.
When it is in our legitimate interest to do so.
When you consent to it.
A legitimate interest is when we have a business or commercial reason to use the information.
The following outlines the ways in which we may use your information, and why we may do this:
To develop new ways to meet customer needs and to grow our business.
To develop and carry out marketing activities.
To analyse how our customers use our products and services.
To develop and manage our products and services.
To deliver our products and services.
To collect and recover money that is owed to us.
To report and prevent financial crime.
To manage risk for us and our clients.
To obey laws and regulations which apply to us.
To respond to and resolve complaints.
To run our business in an efficient and proper way.
To exercise our rights set out in agreements and contracts.
WHO WE SHARE INFORMATION WITH
We may share your personal information with companies that work with www.yourgiftcardwarehouse.com and other organisations including:
Agents and advisors who we work with to help run our accounts.
Tax offices.
Credit reference agencies.
Fraud prevention agencies.
Parties linked with your business.
Companies we work in a joint venture with.
We may share your personal information with other third party organisations to help deliver the products and services on www.yourgiftcardwarehouse.com. These could include:
Third party business providers such as email services.
Transaction details with companies that help us to provide this service such as Visa and Mastercard.
If we are involved in a merger with a business by selling or obtaining business assets.
If this happens then we may have to share your details as part of the merger.
HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
Once we have your information we have a number of strict procedures and security features in place which prevents any unauthorised access to your personal information.
All the information that you provide us with is stored on secure servers. Where we have given you a password which enables you to access certain parts of the website www.yourgiftcardwarehouse.com then you are responsible for keeping this information confidential. We ask that you do not share your password with anyone.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION
We will keep your personal information for as long as you have your account on www.yourgiftcardwarehouse.com. After you stop being an account holder with us then we may have to keep your personal data on file for a period of seven years to deal with any of the following:
To respond to any questions or complaints.
To maintain records that apply to us.
Once we no longer need your information it will be securely deleted.
ACCESSING YOUR INFORMATION
If you want to know what information that we hold about you then please get in touch with us. We may have to contact you to verify your identity before we are able to process this request for you.
CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION
If any of the information that you have provided us with needs correcting or amending then please get in touch with us. We will verify your identity and then check the accuracy of the information.
RESTRICTING USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
You have the right to object to our use of your personal information, ask us to delete it, remove it, or to stop using your personal information if there is no need for us to have it. These are rights you have under the GDPR and are known as “right to object”, “right to erasure” and “right to be forgotten”.
If you want to object to any of the ways in which we use your data or exercise any of your other rights then please get in touch with us.
INFORMATION ABOUT COOKIES
The website www.yourgiftcardwarehouse.com uses cookies which are small text files which are placed on to your hard drive or device. This technology helps us to provide our website and to collect data. Cookies allow us to store your website preferences and setting, enable you to sign in, and analyse how our website is performing.
There are browser controls that you can use to block or delete cookies. This may impact your experience with the website www.yourgiftcardwarehouse.com.
CONTACT US
Please contact us with any questions, comments or requests about this privacy policy.
Quick Links
Buy Gift Cards
How to Buy
Sell Gift Cards
About us
FAQ
Contact
Services
Register to buy
Register to Sell
Login
Useful Links
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact
Backoffice Consulting LTD,
20 Molesworth Street,
Dublin, Ireland
Copyright © 2021 Your Gift Card Warehouse
Confirmation
Delete confirmation message
Cancel
Delete
×