HomeBrandsMoreBuilding Communities Through Share-Worthy ContentConnect with DiplyGet FeaturedTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyCopyright PolicyConnect with DiplyPrivacy PolicyLast Updated · Janurary 18, 20211. What does this privacy policy coverThis Privacy Policy describes the policies and procedures of Plaid Creations Inc. (“Company”, “we”, “our” or “us”) on the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information (as defined in section 11 below) on and obtained through diply.com and its affiliated sites (each a “Site” and together the “Sites”), any application made available by Company through the Apple App Store, Google Play Store or similar (each an “App”) and the services, features, content, mobile applications and or other related sources we offer (collectively with the Sites and Apps, the “Services”). We receive information about you from various sources, including: (i) if you register for the Services, through your user account on the Services (your “Account”); (ii) your use of the Services generally; and (iii) from third party websites and services. Privacy is of great importance to us. By visiting, accessing or using the Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy and you hereby consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. A Note About Children. You must be at least 13 years old to use the Services. We do not intentionally gather Personal Information from visitors who are under the age of 13. If a child under 13 submits Personal Information to us and we learn that the Personal Information is the information of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible. If you believe that we might have any Personal Information from a child under 13, please contact us at contact@diply.com. A Note to Users Outside of the United States and Canada. If you are a non-U.S. or non-Canadian user of the Services, by visiting the Sites or App and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that your Personal Information may be processed for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy. In addition, your Personal Information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States and Canada, where laws regarding processing of Personal Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By providing your data, you consent to such transfer.Third Party Disclaimer. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control, including but not limited to any third party websites, services and applications, such as Google, and Facebook (“Third Party Services”) that you elect to access in connection with the Services. While we attempt to facilitate access only to those Third Party Services that share our respect for your privacy, we cannot take responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of those Third Party Services. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third Party Services you access. Lawful processing: We process your personal information only to the extent necessary for the performance of our obligations to you, which is in providing the Services to you under our Terms of Use. We set out below the type of Personal Information that we collect and how we use it. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, your Personal Information will not be used for any other purpose without your consent. You may withdraw your consent to our processing of your Personal Information at any time. However, withdrawing consent may result in your inability to continue using the Services.2. Why we collect personal informationWe aim to collect, use and disclose only such information as is required to enable us to manage your account, to provide the Services, to maintain our customer/visitor lists, to respond to your inquiries or provide feedback, for identification and authentication purposes, to personalize and improve the Services, for marketing purposes and such other purposes which we may inform you of by updating this privacy policy from time to time or as otherwise set out in this Privacy Policy. We will maintain the confidentiality of any contact information you provide to us on signing up for the Services or contacting us with questions or for further information and we will use it only for the purposes for which we have collected it (subject to the exclusions and disclosures we have listed below), unless you explicitly agree that we may disclose it to other third parties.3. Personal information that we collectWe collect information to provide and improve the Services. This section provides further information about what we collect in connection with these objectives.3.1 Information we collect automaticallyInformation that we collect automatically may include, your IP address, an ID that we may create and associate with our content, cookie information, and other details, and we describe this in more detail below. This information is used for fighting spam/malware, to facilitate collection of data concerning your interaction with the Services (e.g., what links you have clicked on and shared with others, including via email and social media), and to otherwise personalize, improve and continue to operate the Services. We may associate the information we collect by automated means with your IP address, the device you use to connect to the Services identifiers provided to us by Third Party Providers, or email or social media accounts that you use to share our content.To opt-out of data collection concerning the links you have shared with others, please click here.Generally, the Services automatically collect usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors to the Site or mobile application. We may use this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure. This type of aggregate data enables us and third parties authorized by us to figure out how often individuals use parts of the Services so that we can analyze and improve them.Type of information that we collect automatically includes:3.1.1 Device informationWe collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number where applicable). We may associate your device identifiers.3.1.2 Log informationWhen you use the Services, we automatically collect and store certain information in server logs. This includes: details of how you used our service. Internet protocol address. device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL. cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.3.1.3 Unique application numbersCertain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to Us when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.3.1.4 Local storageWe may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our website or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use Flash cookies or HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.3.1.5 Cookies and similar technologiesWhen you visit our website or otherwise interact with the Service we (or third party data or ad networks we work with) may send one or more “cookies” to your computer or other devices. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information about what cookies we serve and your ability to control the use of certain types of cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers stored on your computer through your web browser and are used by most websites to help personalize your web experience. Some cookies may facilitate additional site features for enhanced performance and functionality such as remembering preferences, allowing social interactions, analyzing usage for site optimization, providing custom content, allowing third parties to provide social sharing tools, and serving images or videos from third party websites. Some features on this site will not function if you do not allow cookies. We may link the information we store in cookies to any Personal Information you submit while on our site.We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the interest of our users to enhance the experience on our site. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site. You may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but some features on the site will not function properly.Functional cookies, persistent and session type, store information to enable core site functionality.Analytics cookies allow us to count page visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site and our marketing campaigns.Advertising cookies may be set through our website by our advertising partners. Data may be collected by these companies that enable them to serve up advertisements on other sites that are relevant to your interests.We have a separate cookie policy here which sets out the specific cookies that we use.This site uses cookies and similar tracking technologies such as the Common ID cookie to provide its services. Cookies are important devices for measuring advertising effectiveness and ensuring a robust online advertising industry. The Common ID cookie stores a unique user id in the first party domain and is accessible to our ad partners. This simple ID that can be utilized to improve user matching, especially for delivering ads to iOS and MacOS browsers. Users can opt out of the Common ID tracking cookie by clicking here3.1.6 Web BeaconsWe (or third party data or ad networks we work with) may use Web Beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about our Service, or other information we or they have collected. Web Beacons are tiny graphic objects that are embedded in a web page or email and are usually invisible to the user but allow checking that a user has viewed the page or email. Web Beacons may be used within the Service to track web page visits, email open rates and other information about the user. In some cases, we tie the information gathered by Web Beacons to our Users’ Personal Information. For example, we use clear gifs on our webpages to let us know which content the user prefers. This allows us to improve the user experience and gauge the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.3.1.7 Analytics SoftwareWe and our third party tracking-utility partners use log files on our Service to gather certain information automatically and store it for analytical purposes. This information includes internet protocol (“IP”) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies and other, similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Service and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google's practices by going to https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.3.1.8 Information from third party sourcesDepending on where you are located and the provisions of local laws, we may also store certain information about you that we or our third party services providers collect about you indirectly from other sources. These may include information collected about you: (i) in order to prevent fraud, such as by using the services offered by Forensiq (https://impact.com/privacy-policy/); or (ii) collecting certain demographic information about you based on links, advertisements or similar to any or our sites. We store this information only against identifiers created by us (which may include IP addresses), but do not link this information back to a name, email address or other easily recognizable unique identifier. These third party providers may also collate information about you on a similar basis, and you should refer to their terms of service and privacy policies in this respect.3.1.9 Do not trackWhen you visit the Site, we may also collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. Because there is not yet a consensus on how companies should respond to web browser-based or other do-not- track (“DNT”) mechanisms, we do not respond to web browser-based DNT signals at this time.3.2 User contentSome features of the Services allow you to provide content to the Services, including personal data. Examples of this are when you register to access user features of the Services, elect to participate in forums or discussions on the Site or provide comments. Any information that you post may be viewed or captured by anyone who visits or uses the Sites and Apps, therefore you should avoid posting any sensitive or personal data that you would not want to be available to the general public and may be disclosed by us to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy.3.3 Location DataSome of our Services, such as mobile applications, may collect geo-location data (which determines your current location) to provide location-related Service functionality. We may link location data to other information we have collected about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. You may stop sharing your location data by adjusting your mobile device’s location services settings. For instruction on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer.3.4 Email communicationsIf you email us, we will store that information. We may also receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. We use this confirmation to improve our Services, including customer service.3.3 AdvertisersTo support and enhance the Services, we may serve advertisements, and also allow third parties advertisements, through the Services. These advertisements are sometimes targeted and served to particular users and may come from third party companies called “ad networks.” Ad networks include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms. We may engage with ad networks that are members or organizations or programs that manage the advertising privacy choices these ad networks offer consumers. To learn more about the cookies that we use for our ad networks and to adjust your preferences, please click here. If you are using an IP address that indicates that you are located in the EU, we may ask for your consent before providing certain Personal Information to those advertising networks.When you visit our Site or use our mobile applications or other Services, ad networks and other parties may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these ad networks and other parties.Advertisements served through the Services may be targeted to users who fit a certain general profile category, which may be inferred from information provided to us by a user, may be based on the Services usage patterns of particular users, or may be based on your activity on Third Party Services. We do not provide Personal Information to any ad networks for use other than in connection with the Services.Without limiting the above, we may use the following third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.FOR EU USERS ONLY: When you use our site, pre-selected companies may access and use certain information on your device and about your interests to serve ads or personalized content. You may revisit or change consent-choices at any time by clicking here.3.5.1 Google AdSense DoubleClick CookieGoogle, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/3.5.2 AdMob by GoogleAdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc.You can opt-out from AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=enFor more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the “How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or app” page: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ or visit the Privacy Policy of Google: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/3.6 Aggregate informationWe collect statistical information about how both unregistered and registered users, collectively, use the Services (“Aggregate Information”). Some of this information is derived from Personal Information.How we use this informationWe collect information for the following purposes:Statistics: we also collect statistics about the use of the Services. This information is and will continue to be kept confidential. Notwithstanding the foregoing, aggregate statistics that do not personally identify an individual will be kept by us and such aggregate statistics may be made available to other users or to third parties.System Logs & Cookies: Cookies are used by us to track content usage and traffic on the Website. A cookie is a feature of your web browser that consists of a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server. The Website uses cookies to help it compile aggregate statistics about the usage of this Website, such as how many users visit the Website, how long users spend viewing the Website, and what pages are viewed most often. This information is used to improve the content of the Website. You can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie. This gives you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. If you disable cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of the Website. We do not link any of the information we use in cookies to any personally identifiable information submitted by you when you are on the Website.Your IP address is reported by your web browser whenever you visit a page on the Website. This information is recorded together with your registration information on our databases.Advertisements: please see the section further above labeled “Advertisers”.If we plan to use your Personal Information in the future for any other purposes not identified above, we will only do so after informing you by updating this Privacy Policy. For further information, please see the section of this Privacy Policy entitled “Amendment of this Policy.”5. Who we share this information with and how we share itCompany does not share your Personal Information with any third parties without your permission except as disclosed in this Policy (see further “Important Exceptions” below).5.1 Information Shared with Our Service ProvidersFor the purposes of improving our technology, products, and Services, we employ and contract with service providers, consultants, subcontractors and professional advisers - individuals and entities that perform certain tasks on our behalf (collectively “Service Providers”). We may need to share Personal Information with our Service Providers in order to provide products or services to you or to allow them to carry out their respective duties. We request that our Service Providers use Personal Information or other information we share with them solely for the purpose of assisting us. Our Service Providers may also have limited access to databases of user information solely for the purpose of helping us improve the Services. We will aim to require all Service Providers to enter into contractual agreements that prohibit them from using any Information they retrieve while carrying out their duties for any other purpose, other than as specified in said agreements and as permitted by this Policy.5.2 Information shared with our AdvertisersEach time you visit a Company website, third party advertisers and advertising companies, including Google, may collect personal and other information, through your IP address or through other automated means. Advertisements appearing on the Website are delivered to you by third party advertisers, often based on what you do on various websites. This is sometimes referred to as behavioural advertising, or contextual advertising. Third party advertisers and advertising companies use information about you (not including your name or email address), including your IP address and cookies collected through your use of websites, to provide advertisements on our Website about goods and services that may be of interest to you. The use of the information collected by third party advertisers and advertising companies through our Website is not covered by this Privacy Policy and therefore Company is not responsible for such any uses. You may opt out of the use of Google’s cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google ads preference manager on the Google website. You may opt out of Google and other third-party’s use of cookies and other similar technology for interest-based advertising by visiting sites such as www.aboutads.info or www.networkadvertising.org. Your web browser also gives you options regarding cookies.To support and enhance the Services, we may serve advertisements, and also allow third parties advertisements, through the Services. These third party advertisement companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.5.3 Non Personal Information Shared with Third PartiesCompany’s Websites contain links to third party sites where you have the option to purchase certain items from which Company will earn a monetary commission. While Company tracks what sites you came from for the purpose of sharing that information with the relative third party site providers, Company does not provide any of your personal information to such third party site provider.5.4 Important Exceptions5.4.1 Information We Share for Our Protection, the Protection of Others and as Required by LawWe may disclose your Personal Information to third parties without your consent if we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Website members, other users of the Services, or anyone else (including the rights or property of anyone else) that could be harmed by such activities. Further, we may disclose Personal Information when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is required by and in accordance with the law. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce our user agreement, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) and detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and spam/malware prevention. Notwithstanding the general terms of this policy, the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information may be made outside of the terms herein to the extent provided for in any applicable privacy or other legislation in effect from time to time, or pursuant to court orders.5.4.2 Information Disclosed Pursuant to Business TransfersWe may also disclose your Personal Information in connection with a corporate re-organization, a merger or amalgamation with another entity, a sale of all or a substantial portion of our assets or stock, including any due diligence exercise carried out in relation to the same, provided that the entity acquiring the Information continues to use it for, and only for, the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy. In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information, including Personal Information, is typically one of the transferred business assets. Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur as permitted by law. Following the transfer of user information in the circumstances described in this paragraph, all inquiries concerning the processing of user information should be directed to the entity to which the information is transferred.5.5 Information We Share With Your ConsentIn addition to the types of sharing Personal Information described above, we may share your information with third parties with your consent. If at any time we wish to disclose Personal Information to a third party for their own use, we will first obtain your explicit consent. If you do grant such consent, you may revoke it at any time.6. Security and privacy6.1 Your Privacy ChoicesUsers may post information on the Website and through the Services (user registration may be required), which you may or may not want to share with certain other users. Users may make privacy choices by selecting options within App settings or their account. Your default privacy settings tend to be the most privacy friendly settings that allow for the least amount of sharing. In any event, users should review their privacy settings to ensure they reflect their expectations. Users should keep the privacy choices they have made in mind and avoid posting information they do not want to be shared in light of those choices.6.2 SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us. We use commercially reasonable efforts to store and maintain your Personal Information in a secure environment. We take technical, contractual, administrative, and physical security steps designed to protect Personal Information that you provide to us. While we store all of our information, including your IP address information, using techniques reasonably designed to secure the information, we do not guarantee or warrant that such techniques will prevent unauthorized access to information about you that we store, Personal Information or otherwise.The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We use commercially reasonable efforts to store and maintain your Personal Information in a secure environment. We take technical, contractual, administrative, and physical security steps designed to protect Personal Information that you provide to us. While we store all of our information, including your IP address information, using techniques reasonably designed to secure the information, we do not guarantee or warrant that such techniques will prevent unauthorized access to information about you that we store, Personal Information or otherwise.You are also responsible for helping to protect the security of your Personal Information. Your Account information will be protected by a password for your privacy and security. You need to help prevent unauthorized access to your Account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your Account. We seek to protect Account information to ensure that it is kept private; however, we cannot guarantee the security of any Account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.6.3 Transfer Of DataYour information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.If you provide information to us, please note that we host data using third party providers (such as Google Big Query) and may transfer the data, including Personal Information, to another jurisdiction other than your own (including a jurisdiction outside of the EU) and process it there.If you provide information to us, please note that we host data using third party providers (such as Google Big Query) and may transfer the data, including Personal Information, to another jurisdiction other than your own (including a jurisdiction outside of the EU) and process it there.Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Information will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.7. Accessing information7.1 GeneralIf you wish to be informed what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us at contact@diply.com.In certain jurisdictions in which we operate, you may have the right under applicable law:obtain confirmation that we hold personal information about you, request access to and receive information about the personal information we maintain about you, receive copies of the personal information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information, object to the processing of your personal information, provide instructions for the use of your personal information after death, request to have deleted any personal information collected at the time you qualified as a minor under applicable law, have the information blocked, anonymized or deleted, as appropriate; and To withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the use and processing of your Personal Information. You may have the right to data portability for the information you provide to us. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Information in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. You have the right to access the Personal Information we hold about you in order to verify the Personal Information we have collected in respect of you and in order to have a general account of our uses of that information. Upon receipt of your written request, we will provide you with a copy of your Personal Information although in certain limited circumstances, we may not be able to make all relevant information available to you such as where that information also pertains to another user. In such circumstances we will provide reasons for the denial to you upon request. We will endeavor to deal with all requests for access and modifications in a timely manner. We will make every reasonable effort to keep your Personal Information accurate and up-to-date, and we will provide you with mechanisms to update, correct, delete or add to your Personal Information as appropriate. As necessary and appropriate, this amended Personal Information will be transmitted to those parties to which we are permitted to disclose your Information. Having accurate Personal Information about you enables us to give you the best possible service.7.2 California Privacy RightsUnder California Civil Code sections 1798.83- 1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal customer information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: 70 Peter St., Toronto, ON, M5V 2G5.Personal information may be limited. To exercise these rights, please contact us as set forth below.8. Amendments of this policyWe reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy in the future, we will post an appropriate notice on the home page of the applicable Site and within the App(s). We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by simply posting an updated version on our website. Any non-material changes (such as clarifications) to this Privacy Policy will become effective on the date the change is posted and any material changes will become effective 10 days from their posting on the Site. If such amendments affect how Company uses or discloses Personal Information already held by Company in a material way, Company will obtain consent.Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all Personal Information that we have about you. The date on which the latest update was made is indicated at the top of this document. We recommend that you print a copy of this Privacy Policy for your reference and revisit this policy from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. Your continued use of the Website signifies your acceptance of any changes.9. Commonly used termsPersonal InformationPersonal Information means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).Usage DataUsage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).CookiesCookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.Data ControllerData Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any Personal Information are, or are to be, processed.For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.Data Processor (or Service Providers)Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.Data SubjectData Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Information.UserThe User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Information.If you wish to update and/or manage your cookie consent provided to us, please click here.10. Contact usFor more information on Plaid Creations Inc and our privacy practices (including if you have any questions, comments or suggestions or you find errors in the information held about you) please contact our Privacy Officer at:contact@diply.com or in writing at 70 Peter St. Toronto, ON. M5V 2G5.If you are a California resident inquiring about your California privacy rights, please include “California privacy rights request” in the subject line of your email or letter. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area inquiring about your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), please include “GDPR privacy rights request” in the subject line of your email.11. GDPRAs of May 25, 2018, depending on your location, you are entitled to require Diply to uphold certain rights and choices that you have in connection with the Personal Data we obtain about you under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). As a Data Subject, if you fall under the territorial scope of GDPR, Diply would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights;The right to accessYou have the right to request Diply for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.The right to rectificationYou have the right to request that Diply correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Diply to complete the information you believe is incomplete.The right to erasureYou have the right to request that Diply erase your personal data, under certain conditions.The Personal Data is no longer needed for the original purpose for which it was collected.You wish to withdraw consent and your consent is the lawful basis for processing your Personal Data.Erasure is necessary to comply with EU law.The original processing of your Personal Data was unlawful.The right to restrict processingYou have the right to request that Diply restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.Where the accuracy of the Personal Data is contestedWhere you request restriction instead of erasure and you are entitled to require erasureWhere Diply no longer needs the Personal Data for its original purpose but it is still required to establish, exercise, or defend legal rights.The right to object to processingYou have the right to object to Diply’s processing of your personal data, except where you have consented to this or where it is necessary for entering into or performing a contract.The right to data portabilityYou have the right to request that Diply transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format.If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us here: contact@diply.comMoreGet FeaturedTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyCopyright PolicyConnect with Diply