Privacy Policy - Money Saving Expert
Skip to main content
Weekly email
Coronavirus help
Search
Chair, Martin Lewis · Editor, Marcus Herbert
Founder, Martin Lewis · Editor-in-Chief, Marcus Herbert
Weekly email
News
Forum
Coronavirus
Martin's Blog
Martin's Videos
Team Blog
Deals Hunters' Blog
About the site
Search
Search MoneySavingExpert
Search
Close search bar
Cards & Loans
Household Bills
Complain & Reclaim
Banking & Savings
Mortgages & Homes
Travel
Insurance
Deals & Shopping
Income & Budgeting
Students
Credit Cards
Credit Card Eligibility Calculator
Balance transfer credit cards
Best 0% credit cards
Credit card rewards
Travel credit cards
Discover more
Loans
Loans Eligibility Calculator
Cheap personal loans
Personal car loans
Loan cost calculator
Credit unions
Personal loan calculator
Discover more
Your Credit Score & Debt Help
Credit Club
Credit cards for bad credit
How to improve your credit score
Check free credit report
Debt solutions
Discover more
Credit Cards & Loans Reclaiming
PPI: can I still reclaim?
Reclaim payday loans for free
Section 75 refunds
Chargeback refunds
Student loan overpayments
Discover more
Go to Credit Cards & Loans section
Gas, Electricity & Water
Cheap Energy Club
MSE Pick Me A Tariff tools
Find cheap gas and electricity
Energy mythbusting
Cut water bills
Discover more
Broadband & TV
Compare broadband deals
Find cheap broadband deals
Do I need a TV licence?
Haggle Sky costs down
Boost broadband speed
Discover more
Mobile Phones
Cheap Mobile Finder
Best sim only deals
Cheap mobile tips
Best pay as you go Sim deals
Best iPhone deals
Cheap Samsung Galaxy deals
Discover more
Council Tax & Government Grants
Council tax rebanding
Reclaim council tax
'Severely mentally impaired' council tax discount
Housing & energy grants
Discover more
Go to Household Bills section
PPI, Banking & Finance Reclaiming
Reclaim packaged bank accounts
Reclaim payday loans
PPI: can I still reclaim?
Reclaim bank charges
Reclaim forgotten cash
Discover more
Tax Reclaiming
Reclaim council tax
Income tax calculator
Tax code calculator
Uniform tax refunds
Discover more
Parking Tickets & Transport Reclaiming
Flight delay compensation
Fight unfair private parking tickets
Parking ticket appeals
Train delays compensation
Oyster card refunds
Discover more
Shopping & Consumer Rights
Consumer rights
Reclaim lost & boost Tesco vouchers
Small claims court
Section 75 refunds
Chargeback refunds
Discover more
Go to Complain & Reclaim section
Bank Accounts
Best bank accounts
Best packaged accounts
App-based banking
Basic bank accounts
Top cards for under-18s
Business Bank Accounts
Discover more
Savings Accounts
Top savings accounts
Top cash ISAs 2021/22
Best regular savings accounts
Lifetime ISAs
ISA allowance
Best children's savings
Discover more
Pensions & Investing
Pensions need-to-knows
Stocks & shares ISAs
Share trading need-to-knows
How to invest for beginners
State pension: how it works
Pension credit
Discover more
Banking & Savings Reclaiming
Reclaim packaged bank account fees
Reclaim bank charges
Reclaim forgotten cash
Financial Ombudsman: your rights
Discover more
Go to Banking & Savings section
Mortgage Essentials
Basic mortgage calculator
Mortgage best buys
How much can I borrow?
Finding the right mortgage deal
Overpayment calculator
Stamp duty calculator
Discover more
Remortgaging
Remortgage guide
Should you remortgage?
Getting ready to remortgage
Porting your mortgage
How much will remortgaging cost?
Discover more
First-Time Buyers
First-time buyers' guide
Buying a home timeline
Boost your mortgage chances
Lifetime ISAs
Help to Buy & other schemes
Discover more
Home Ownership & Renting
Should I overpay my mortgage?
Should you equity release?
Mortgage arrears
How to sell your property
Free house valuation
Discover more
Go to Mortgages & Homes section
Holiday Essentials
Cheap travel insurance
Cheap car hire
Cheap flights
Cheap airport parking
Easyjet tricks
Overseas travel tips
Discover more
Spending overseas
Compare travel money
Travel credit cards
Travel money tips
How to buy euros
How to buy dollars
Discover more
UK Transport
Cheap petrol & diesel
Cheap train tickets
Is your driving licence valid?
Cheap MOT
How to park right
Discover more
Travel Reclaiming
Flight delay compensation
Unfair private parking tickets
Parking ticket appeals
Changed flight time
Train delays compensation
Discover more
Go to Travel section
Car Insurance
Cheap car insurance
Breakdown cover
Young driver car insurance
Multicar Insurance
Car insurance job picker tool
Discover more
Travel Insurance
Cheap travel insurance
Travel insurance for pre-existing conditions
Over-65s travel insurance
UK Only Travel Insurance
Discover more
Home Insurance
Cheap home insurance
Mobile phone insurance
Cheap pet insurance
Content insurance for tenants
Cheap boiler cover
Discover more
Life & Health Insurance
Life insurance
Private health insurance
Over-50s life insurance
Healthcare cashplans
Mortgage life insurance
Discover more
Go to Insurance section
Top Deals
Supermarket coupons
Restaurant vouchers
Cheap iPad deals
Cheap gym membership
Cheap Theme Parks
Free Eye Tests
Discover more
Popular Retailers
Boots deals
M&S deals
Amazon deals
John Lewis deals
Argos deals
Ikea deals
Discover more
By Category
Fashion & Beauty
Food & Drink
Kids & Toys
Days Out & Travel
Media & Technology
Home & Garden
Discover more
Shopping
Top Cashback Sites
Police Auctions
Free and cheap food
Local eBay deals
Cheap Parcel Delivery
Buying from China Tips
Discover more
Go to Deals & Shopping
Tax & Benefits
Income tax calculator
Tax rate 2020/21
Free tax code calculator
Marriage tax allowance
Benefits calculator
Inheritance tax planning
Discover more
Pensions & Future Planning
Pensions need-to-knows
Guide to taking your pension
State pension
Pension credit: can you claim?
Pension auto-enrolment
Discover more
Boost your income
60+ ways to boost your income
Make money online
Comping tips
Earn freebies for testing products
eBay buying tips
Discover more
Budgeting & Debt Help
The budget planner
Do a money makeover
Debt problems
How to stop spending
Mental health & debt
The Demotivator tool
Discover more
Go to Income & Budgeting section
Funding Uni
Student loans mythbusting
How much should you be saving for your kids to go to uni?
Student loan repayment
Student checklist
Discover more
Student Money
Student bank accounts
Young drivers' Insurance
Graduate accounts
Student budgeting planner
How to start saving
Discover more
Broadband & Mobile
How to get cheap broadband
Best sim only deals
Broadband Deals
Negotiate with service providers
Mobile broadband
Discover more
Uni Travel
Cheap train tickets
Cheap flights
How to get cheap hotel deals
Backpacker insurance
Cheap travel insurance
Discover more
Go to Students section
Forum
News
Coronavirus help
About the site
MSE's Editorial Code
How we're financed
Martin's blog
Press releases
FAQs & Contacts
MoneySavingExpert.com
Site
Tip Email
FREE Weekly MoneySaving email
For all the latest deals, guides and loopholes simply sign up today - it’s spam free!
Show more
Show less
FAQs
Privacy
Past Emails
Unsubscribe
FAQs
Privacy
Past Emails
Unsubscribe
MoneySavingExpert.com
Privacy Policy
Updated 12 April 2021
Share this guide Share Close
Facebook
Twitter
Whatsapp
Mailme
Here at MoneySavingExpert.com we're all about cutting your costs and fighting your corner. Your privacy is important to us, and we want you to be confident that the information you give us when using our site is safe and secure. In this Privacy Policy we'll explain how we use it to give you a better, more personalised MSE experience.
We'll also tell you how and why we collect your personal information, your rights and choices when it comes to these details, as well as the steps we take to keep it secure and confidential.
Updated: 12 April 2021
1. What this Privacy Policy covers
This is the Privacy Policy for the MoneySavingExpert.com website, our related apps, the tools on our website, our social media content and our Forum (the "Site").
MoneySavingExpert.com Limited (referred to in this policy as "we", "us" or "our") is the "controller" under data protection laws. Where we're processing your personal information in relation to our content and/or Site, we're controller of your personal information.
The main purposes we collect and process your personal information are: to show you relevant content and to improve your experience on the Site; provide the services you sign up for, such as our Clubs services; communicate with you directly when you've agreed to it, or when the law allows us to do this.
To operate the MoneySaving tools on our Site we may sometimes need to share your personal information with other businesses. They'll be responsible for how they process your personal information. They're discussed in section 7.1 of this Privacy Policy and in section 9 of our Terms.
Our Site contains external links to other websites that aren't subject to this Privacy Policy. Please do read our Terms for further information on external links, as well as the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any website you give your personal information to, as you'll be bound by them. We're not liable for anything that happens if you use them.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
The personal information we collect;
How and why we collect and use your personal information;
Why we process your personal information;
When and why we'll share your personal information to MoneySupermarket Group, or to other organisations;
The rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal information;
Why we use cookies;
The steps we take to ensure your information is kept secure and confidential;
How long we'll hold your information for; and
How to contact us
2. Personal information we collect
The information we collect will depend on how you're using our Site and should usually be clear to you at the time we collect it, eg, for MSE's Money Tips email, we'll ask for an email address. If you're using one of our tools (Cheap Energy Club, Credit Club, Broadband Unbundled, eligibility tools, together the "MSE Tools") we may, depending on the tool, need to get a range of information, such as your name, marital status, benefit entitlements, income and bank account details. We may also use cookies and other tracking technology to collect information about your online browsing behaviour and any devices you've used to access our Site.
3. How we collect and use your personal information
We collect and use your personal information to allow you to interact with the Site. This includes, without limitation, the following:
3.1. MSE's Money Tips email
When you register to receive MSE's Money Tips email we'll use your email address to send you MSE's Money Tips email. This is usually weekly, but on occasion we may send a special edition when we've something really important to share with you – this doesn't happen very often.
3.2. Product application forms
When you request certain products via application forms on our Site we'll use your personal information so that we can manage your request. If we need to pass your personal information to someone else to meet your request, we'll make it clear at the time you give us your personal information.
3.3. MSE Tools
3.3.1. Cheap Energy Club
As part of the Cheap Energy Club service, we'll ask you for certain personal information when you register, to allow us to provide energy comparison services based either on price savings as part of our DIY comparison service, or your preferences as part of our Pick Me A Tariff or Pick Me A Tariff Every Year services. This will include your address, email address, current energy supplier and energy usage.
Cheap Energy Club's energy comparison services are provided by MoneySupermarket (see section 9.1 of our Terms), which acts as a data controller alongside us. Each of the three Cheap Energy Club services (DIY comparison service, Pick Me A Tariff and Pick Me A Tariff Every Year) performs regular background comparisons and we resubmit your information to MoneySupermarket to do this. As well as enabling you to do whole-of-market comparisons when you visit the Site, these background comparisons also allow us to:
Regularly let you know when you could be on a better tariff based on price savings or your preferences, where there is a preference match that is higher than or equal to your current tariff, or that you're still on the best deal for you;
Let you know when your fixed tariff is ending, together with the potential tariffs and related savings available to you;
Send you reminders to keep your personal information and preferences up to date (see section 9.1.5); and
Offer to switch you (where relevant) when your fixed tariff ends or on the one-year anniversary of your energy switch date
We carry out this processing to meet our obligations to you under the Cheap Energy Club service to ensure you're not overpaying on your energy bills. See section 4 below for more information.
If you choose to switch energy suppliers, MoneySupermarket will collect your energy switch application information and pass it on to the energy supplier you are being switched to. This may also include sensitive information which data protection laws call 'special category data' if you tell us that you have special needs. Where applicable, MoneySupermarket will also process all cashback due in connection with switches. See MoneySupermarket's cashback T&Cs and MoneySupermarket's privacy policy for how it looks after your personal information.
MoneySupermarket will only hold your personal information for so long as is reasonable in relation to providing you with energy comparison services and/or switching energy suppliers. See section 6 below for further details on sharing your personal information with MoneySupermarket.
We'll contact you:
To welcome you to Cheap Energy Club and provide an initial list of tariffs that are likely to save you money;
To communicate with you at your request via live chat to troubleshoot any energy comparison or switch issues you may have;
To communicate with you at your request to help with logging in to Cheap Energy Club (eg, to reset your password);
To alert you to energy tariffs based on your chosen savings trigger or preferences, or to confirm you're still on a good deal;
To alert you to information and offers regarding the possibility to reduce your energy bills;
To alert you to changes to our services (eg, changes to our Terms);
In connection with an application to switch your energy supplier (including in connection with cashback due to you under the switch if this is applicable to you); and
To alert you to major news about your energy supplier, such as price rises
3.3.2. Credit Club
As part of the Credit Club service we'll ask you for certain information when you register. This will include your email address and mobile number.
We'll contact you:
To welcome you to the club and provide personalised credit information and products that match your credit profile that are likely to save you money;
To confirm you are who you say you are as part of our identity authentication process;
To communicate with you at your request to help with logging in to Credit Club (eg, to reset your password);
To personalise and enhance your experience within Credit Club (eg, presenting content in the best way for you);
To alert you to changes to our services (eg, changes to our Terms);
To alert you when your affordability, Credit Hit Rate and eligibility scores, as well as your Experian Credit Score and your Experian Credit Report have been updated; and
To let you know how you are progressing against credit building or improvement goals you've set for yourself and the time remaining to achieve the goal
If you've given us permission, we'll also contact you to let you know about consumer news, other MoneySaving tips, products and exclusives which we think you may be interested in.
3.3.3. Eligibility tools
We use the personal information you give when you submit an eligibility checker request to let you know your percentage chances of successfully obtaining a credit card or loan.
If you give us your email address, we'll also send you a confirmation email of your results so that you've a record of them.
Section 8 below explains what to do if you change your mind and decide you don't want to hear from us anymore about the things we think you'd be interested in.
3.4. Forum
We collect and use your email and IP address to enable you to post on our Forum. We use your email address to send you your password to enable you to log in to our Forum and to send you email notices if you've chosen to receive them. We also use your email and IP addresses for admin, troubleshooting and investigatory purposes if required.
3.5. Internal reporting, insight and analysis
We may use your personal information to generate aggregated, anonymised data for the purposes of internal reporting, insight and analysis, enabling us to improve and personalise our Site, the products we offer and search results for our Site. As part of this we also use Google Analytics. See our Cookie Policy for further information. Where necessary this exercise may be carried out on our behalf by someone else – please see section 7 below.
3.6. Site personalisation
We may use your personal information to personalise aspects of our Site, enable your details to be moved across our tools to speed up form filling and for market research. As part of this, we may match your personal information against information that has been collected by someone else. We are always working to make a better Site for you and using your personal information in this way helps us to do this. It also means that if you've given us permission, any communication we send to you is appropriate for your needs.
3.7. Contacting you
We may use your personal information to:
3.7.1. Respond to any communications that you've directed at us;
3.7.2. Invite you to take part in polls and other market research activities carried out by us and on our behalf. Any feedback you provide will only be used to improve our Site and will not be published. It is up to you whether you want to take part in these activities; or
3.7.3. Award you a prize if you've won a competition we're running
If you're providing us with another person's personal information you should first ask them to read this Privacy Policy and our Terms. By giving us personal information about another person you are confirming that they have given you permission to provide the personal information to us and that they understand how their personal information will be used.
4. Why do we process your personal information?
We'll only collect and use your personal information (as described in sections 2 and 3) in accordance with data protection laws. Our grounds for processing your personal information are:
Performance of a contract – To provide you with the services you sign up to. For example, when you register to use Cheap Energy Club, we'll use your personal information to do regular background comparisons so that we know when to alert you to energy tariffs based on your chosen savings trigger and preferences.
Consent – We'll only collect and process your personal information where necessary and if you've consented for us to do so. For example, when you register to receive MSE's Money Tips email.
Legitimate Interests – We may use and process some of your personal information where we've sensible and legitimate business grounds for doing so. Under European privacy laws there is a concept of "legitimate interests" as a justification for processing your personal information. Our legitimate interests for processing your personal information are:
To enable you to use the MSE Tools; and
To improve our Site. We may use your personal information to undertake demographic segmentation and generate profiling information to help us understand what you might be interested in and for market research. We are always working to make a better Site for you and using your personal information in this way helps us to do this
You have a right to object to our use of your personal information for these legitimate interests, including a right to object to profiling by us (see section 8 below).
5. Use of children's personal information
We don't knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 16. If you are aged under 16 please get your parent or guardian's permission before you provide any personal information to us.
6. Sharing your personal information with MoneySupermarket Group
We are part of the MoneySupermarket Group comprising the following brands: MoneySupermarket, TravelSupermarket.com and Decision Technologies Limited, which all operate in the UK. MoneySavingExpert.com's specific way of operating is governed by the Editorial Code.
6.1. In line with the Editorial Code your personal information will not be shared with, or used by, MoneySupermarket Group, unless you've given us your permission, or as otherwise permitted under the Editorial Code.
6.2. The Cheap Energy Club energy comparison service is provided by MoneySupermarket. By submitting your personal information to Cheap Energy Club, you agree to it being passed to MoneySupermarket. Please read the rest of our Privacy Policy about how your personal information will be used and MoneySupermarket's privacy policy.
7. Sharing your personal information with others
We may share your personal information with:
7.1. Our technical partners – For the purposes described in sections 3.3 to 3.6 and 6 above, and for the purposes of providing certain services and enabling your interaction with the Site, such as your use of MSE Tools. These include:
7.1.1. Experian Ltd ("Experian") – We operate Credit Club in conjunction with UK credit reference agency Experian. By submitting your details to Credit Club, you are consenting to them being passed to Experian and to us letting you know every time your Experian Credit Score or Experian Credit Report has been updated.
Experian may share the information it collects from us with fraud prevention agencies including Cifas, which will use it to prevent fraud and money-laundering and to verify your identity. Law enforcement agencies may access and use this information.
If fraud is detected, you could be refused certain services, finance or employment. Further details of how your information will be used by Experian and these fraud prevention agencies can be obtained by writing to Experian at Experian Ltd, PO Box 8000, Nottingham, NG80 7WF.
Experian and other organisations may access and use the information recorded by fraud prevention agencies from other countries.
More information about your rights in relation to the personal information Experian holds can be found in the 'Your rights to how we use your personal information' section of its privacy policy.
For further information about how your details will be used by Experian, please see the rest of our Privacy Policy and Experian's privacy policy;
7.1.2. Capital One Plc ("Capital One") and HD Decisions, an Experian business ("HD") – We operate the eligibility tools in conjunction with Capital One and HD which partners with the following UK credit reference agencies: Callcredit Limited ("Callcredit"), Equifax Limited ("Equifax") and Experian from time to time.
We'll use the personal information you submit to enable your interaction with our eligibility tools. If you use our eligibility tools a credit report will be generated by carrying out a 'soft' credit check. 'Soft' credit checks allow you to get quotes without affecting your creditworthiness. The 'soft' credit checks will be used by Capital One to match against its lending criteria and HD to match against other suppliers' lending criteria. Capital One and HD's information is then used to let you know your percentage chances of successfully obtaining a credit card or loan. Your credit report will not be provided to you directly and we'll not receive it either.
By submitting your details, you are giving permission to Capital One and HD passing them to Callcredit, Equifax and/or Experian. To find out more about how your personal information will be used, please see the rest of our Privacy Policy and Capital One's terms and conditions and HD's terms and conditions. Please also see the Credit Reference Agency Information Notice.
Our technical partners will not be allowed to use your personal information for their own marketing purposes unless you've given permission to receive marketing from them.
7.2. If required or permitted to do so by law;
7.3. If required to do so by any court, the Financial Conduct Authority or any other applicable regulatory, compliance, governmental or law enforcement agency;
7.4. If necessary in connection with legal proceedings or potential legal proceedings;
7.5. If ownership of all or part of our Site is transferred, in which case any purchaser would only be entitled to use that information in a way consistent with this Privacy Policy; and
7.6. In line with our own Terms, which incorporate our Forum Rules (in particular regarding reporting offending Forum users to their ISP or to the authorities if their actions appear to amount to a crime).
8. How you can change permissions
All emails or other forms of communication directly from us to you will include clear instructions on how to unsubscribe. Plus, if you don't want to be contacted by us anymore, you can email DataRequest@moneysavingexpert.com. Section 9 below also sets out your other information rights.
9. Your information rights and responsibilities
9.1. You have certain rights in relation to the personal information we hold on you:
9.1.1. Right to access – The right to a copy of the personal information we hold about you. We'll ask you to describe the information you require, as well as letting us know about any other email addresses you've used on our Site, to enable us to trace your personal information. Depending on the nature of your request, we may also ask you for your full name, your date of birth and your full address and documents to allow us to verify your identity. Requests for copies of your personal information will be dealt with within one month, unless your request is complicated or if you've made a large number of requests. In these circumstances it may take us longer to deal with your request, in which case we'll let you know;
9.1.2. Right to correct – The right to have your personal information corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete. Requests for us to correct your personal information will be dealt with within one month, unless your request is complicated or if you've made a large number of requests. In these circumstances it may take us longer to deal with your request, in which case we'll let you know. If we believe that your personal information is accurate, we'll let you know that we won't be amending your personal information and why;
9.1.3. Right to erasure and to restrict our use of your information – The right to request that we delete or remove your personal information from our systems. Data protection laws give exceptions to this right which, if applicable, we'll explain in our response to you;
9.1.4. Right to restrict our use of your information – In some circumstances you can 'block' us from using your personal information or limit the way in which we can use it;
9.1.5. Right to data portability – The right to request that we move, copy or transfer your personal information;
9.1.6. Right to object – The right to object to our use of your personal information including where we use it for our legitimate interests, or where we use your personal information to carry out profiling to inform our market research and user demographics. If you raise an objection we'll stop processing your personal information unless very exceptional circumstances apply, in which case we'll let you know why we're continuing to process your personal information. Some of the MSE Tools give you the option to hear from us by email about tips, news, and relevant MoneySaving products and exclusives. You've the right to object to our processing of your personal information in this way; and
9.1.7. Withdrawal of consent – Where you've provided us with consent to use your personal information, you can withdraw this at any time.
We'll use reasonable efforts consistent with our legal duty to provide you with your rights in accordance with data protection laws.
9.2. To make enquiries, exercise any of your rights set out in this Privacy Policy and/or make a complaint please contact DataRequest@moneysavingexpert.com or write to the Data Protection Officer at MoneySavingExpert.com at MoneySupermarket House, St. David's Park, Ewloe, Flintshire, CH5 3UZ.
9.3. If you're not satisfied with the way any complaint you make in relation to your personal information is handled by us then you may be able to refer your complaint to the relevant data protection regulator. In the UK, this is the Information Commissioner's Office.
10. Cookies
10.1. We use cookies (not the type you eat, but files which are sent by us to your computer or other devices), web beacons, pixel tags and tracking technology to help improve the functionality and performance of our Site.
10.2. The information coming from our use of cookies will be aggregated to provide statistical information about the usage of our Site. However, we don't use any information derived from cookies, nor any IP addresses we collect, to identify any individual user of our Site.
10.3. Some third-party technology we use (eg, embedded videos, social sharing) also drop cookies to improve your experience on their sites.
10.4. For details on what cookies we use, information on how to stop them being stored or how to delete ones already stored, read our Cookie Policy.
11. Where we store your personal information
11.1. Keeping information about you secure is very important to us so we store and process your personal information in accordance with the high standards required under data protection laws. From time to time and for operational reasons the personal information we collect from you may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Your information may also be processed by some of our service providers which operate outside the EEA. Different countries have different data protection and security laws and some of these don't offer the same level of protection as you enjoy under UK data protection laws. However, when we appoint our service providers to help us provide products and services to you (which may include some based in the USA), we take care to ensure that we've put in place contractual protections, for example European Commission-approved contractual clauses, and that our service providers have appropriate security measures in place.
12. How long do we keep your personal information?
Unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, we'll only hold your personal information on our systems for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy or until you request it is deleted. Generally, you can expect us to keep your personal information while you use MSE Tools, or regularly open MSE's Money Tips email. Where you've applied for or purchased products or services via the Site we'll need to keep your personal information for longer for accounting purposes – up to seven (7) years following the date on which it is provided to us. If, having registered for any of our services, you don't use them for a reasonable time (which may vary depending on the service(s) you've registered for) we may contact you to ensure you're still happy to receive communications from us. Even if you delete, or ask us to delete your personal information it may persist on back-up or archival media for legal, tax or regulatory purposes.
13. How to contact us
Our Data Protection Officer is MoneySupermarket Group's Chief Risk Officer.
If you've any queries relating to our use of your personal information or any other related data protection questions, please contact us at DataRequest@moneysavingexpert.com or write to us at MoneySavingExpert.com Limited, at MoneySupermarket House, St. David's Park, Ewloe, Flintshire, CH5 3UZ.
14. Changes
This policy applies from 12 April 2021 and immediately replaces the Privacy Policy previously published on 25 September 2020. We may, from time to time, make changes to this Privacy Policy to reflect any changes to our privacy practices in accordance with changes to laws, best practice or Site enhancements. We'll let you know what these changes are by posting them to this page. Where the changes are significant, we may also choose to email you with the new details and get your permission to make these changes where required by law. It's your responsibility as a user to make sure that you are aware of these changes posted on this page, by checking for any changes on a regular basis. Changes posted on this page will apply as soon as they are posted.
Effective as of: 12 April 2021
Share this guide
Facebook
Twitter
Whatsapp
Mailme
Spotted out of date info/broken links? Email: brokenlink@moneysavingexpert.com
MSE News
Martin's Blog
Deals Blog
Plans revealed to modernise Lasting Power of Attorneys making the system faster and more accessible
21 July 2021
The legal process for people to nominate a trusted friend or relative to look after their affairs if they lose the capacity to do so could be made quicker, simpler and easier to access under new Government proposals.
First ever sub-1% five-year mortgage fix launched by Nationwide - check if you can you take advantage of record low rates
21 July 2021
Nationwide has launched a five-year fixed mortgage deal at 0.99% – the first time interest rates on a five-year deal have EVER dropped below 1%. While mortgage interest rates have been continually creeping down over recent months, Nationwide's latest deal is another reminder of the fierce competition between lenders. So there's no better time to check if you could save £1,000s on your mortgage now.
Eight-week ombudsman referral wait could be halved under new Government plans - something MSE has long campaigned for
20 July 2021
An eight-week wait to refer complaints to ombudsmen and alternative dispute resolution schemes could be halved under new Government proposals. The outdated rule is something MoneySavingExpert.com has campaigned to reduce since 2017.
Martin Lewis and MSE among coalition of organisations renewing calls for Government action to tackle online fraud
20 July 2021
MoneySavingExpert.com and the Money and Mental Health Policy Institute, which were both founded by Martin Lewis, are among 13 organisations today renewing calls for the Government to do more to tackle online fraud after it failed to commit to cracking down on scam financial ads in its new draft Online Safety Bill.
As France goes 'amber plus' and the Balearics amber, 18 UPDATED summer holiday need-to-knows
20 July 2021
This week, big changes to travel rules came into effect. Those who are fully vaccinated or under 18 no longer need to quarantine on return from 'amber' destinations (except France).
Martin Lewis: Working from home due to coronavirus, even for a day? Claim TWO years' worth of tax relief
20 July 2021
Martin Lewis: Money and Mental Health – what a year 2020/21
13 July 2021
Martin Lewis: Had a PPI payout? If so, you can reclaim the tax on it
13 July 2021
Martin Lewis: Why you shouldn't worry too much about your credit score – it’s not actually a real thing
14 June 2021
When it comes to finances, numbers are key – whether it's what you earn, your credit card balance or the interest rate on your mortgage, small changes can add up to a big difference. Yet there's one number you shouldn't pay too much attention to – your credit score.
Martin Lewis: An important warning to every employee in the UK
25 May 2021
Beauty Downshift Challenge – Is it worth ditching big brands for cheaper ‘dupes’ to save up to 90%?
20 July 2021
Summer Sizzlers including £2ish sun cream, cheap fans & £1.50 disposable BBQs
19 July 2021
Ikea MoneySaving tips & hacks
12 July 2021
McDonald's MoneySaving hacks
9 July 2021
Fitbit MoneySaving tips & tricks
6 July 2021
MSE Tools & Calculators
Clever ways to calculate your finances
Cheap Energy Club We ensure you're on the cheapest tariff Tool
Loans Eligibility All of the top unsecured personal loans Tool
Credit Card Eligibility Tools for different credit card types & purchases Tool
Mortgage best buys Compares thousands of mortgages Tool
Mortgage Calculator Eight calcs for all your mortgage sums Tool
Free complaints tool Resolver - the automated complaints system Tool
Show all
Show less
Tools and Calculators
How this site works
We think it's important you understand the strengths and limitations of the site. We're a journalistic website and aim to provide the best MoneySaving guides, tips, tools and techniques, but can't guarantee to be perfect, so do note you use the information at your own risk and we can't accept liability if things go wrong.
This info does not constitute financial advice, always do your own research on top to ensure it's right for your specific circumstances and remember we focus on rates not service.
We don't as a general policy investigate the solvency of companies mentioned (how likely they are to go bust), but there is a risk any company can struggle and it's rarely made public until it's too late (see the Section 75 guide for protection tips).
Do note, while we always aim to give you accurate product info at the point of publication, unfortunately price and terms of products and deals can always be changed by the provider afterwards, so double check first.
We often link to other websites, but we can't be responsible for their content.
Always remember anyone can post on the MSE forums, so it can be very different from our opinion.
MoneySavingExpert.com is part of the Moneysupermarket Group, but is entirely editorially independent. Its stance of putting consumers first is protected and enshrined in the legally binding MSE Editorial Code.
Please read the Full Terms & Conditions, Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy, How this site is financed and MSE's Editorial Code.
More tools from
Cheap Energy Club Finds your cheapest energy & monitors to let you know when to switch again.
Credit Card & Loans Eligibility Calculator Shows which top cards and loans you're most likely to get.
Income Tax Calculator Find out how much income you keep and how much tax you pay.
Ultimate Mortgage Calculator Eight calculators to compare mortgages, incl how much overpaying could save you
Cheap Mobile Finder Easily compare the top mobile phone and Sim only deals.
Credit Club Turbo boost your credit chances and get your free Experian credit report.
Compare Travel Money Our TravelMoneyMax tool compares 30+ bureaux to max your holiday cash.
Compare Broadband Deals Our Broadband Unbundled tool finds the cheapest broadband, phone and TV.
About the site
MSE's editorial code
Site's funding
Sitemap
Jobs
Accessibility
Email FAQs
Site FAQs
Forum rules
New to forum?
Contacts
Press releases
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Martin's Biography
The MSE Charity Fund
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Martin Lewis is a registered trade mark belonging to Martin S Lewis.
Get our free weekly Money Tips email!
Grab the latest deals, guides, tips 'n' tricks directly from Martin and the MSE team. Don't miss out
FAQs
Privacy
Past Emails
Unsubscribe