Personal data in ThisVid
Cookies help us deliver our services. By using this website, you agree with our use of cookies. Learn moreGot it!
Welcome to the ThisVid - #1 place for your homemade videos
Sign up
Login
ThisVid
Home
Videos
Last Updates
Top Rated
Most Popular
Private Videos
Playlists
Photos
Last Updates
Top Rated
Most Popular
Private Albums
LIVE CAMS
Categories
3D
amateur
anal
Asian
BDSM
big women
bisexual
bizarre
see all girls
see all guys
Community
Upload
Porn List
Personal data / GDPR compliance in ThisVid
Personal data storage in ThisVid
We would like to make a statement on which personal data is stored and processed in ThisVid.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. Your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) is not stored on our servers.
Cookies
ThisVid is using some impersonalized cookies to facilitate traffic stats calculation. These cookies store the following info:
1) Which URL user first came from.
2) Which URL user first came to.
3) Which IPs user had when navigating through site.
4) Whether user has already visited this site during last 24 hours.
5) Whether user is a registered member or not.
This info is not stored anywhere in ThisVid or server-side; it is stored in user's browser and can be deleted using browser functionality any time.
ThisVid database
ThisVid database stores the following information for every user:
1) Personal data that was specified by users during registration or when filling their profiles, e.g. username, display name, email, other text data users opted to specify. This information except email may be visible to public depending on user's choice.
2) IP address and country users had during registration. This information is stored for security reasons.
3) List of all logins during last 365 days, including IP address, country and browser type. This information is stored for security reasons.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We reserve the right to monetize information with 3rd party vendors and use this information to send marketing communications.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Deleting personal info from ThisVid
Users can choose to request their profiles to be removed from ThisVid. This functionality is provided by "Delete my profile" item in user's menu.
Profiles can be deleted from admin panel only. When profile is deleted, all data connected to this profile gets fully deleted, including IPs, logs, profile data.
THISVID
Powered by Kernel Video Sharing engine.
HOME
TERMS
DMCA/COPYRIGHT
DISCLAIMERS
PERSONAL DATA
Parental control
FAQ
SIGN UP
LOGIN
UPLOAD
SUPPORT
THISVID.COM ON TWITTER
All persons depicted herein were at least 18 years of age: 18 USC 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statements
2005-2021 https://thisvid.com. All Rights Reserved.